Chin up lads, Jose and Pep next
After how the same people now defending Ole turned so quickly on Mou last season, I somehow hope we get battered by Spurs and Ole gets sacked... Mou never did this poorly with us as Ole is doing now, but so many people still defending Ole, yet were ready to throw Mou under the bus...
Not defending ole here, but there were quite a few performances that bad or worse under mou, particularly towards the end. Remember the 3-1 loss to Liverpool when they had 36 shots?
> After how the same people now defending Ole turned so quickly on Mou last season,\n\nAny links to prove this, my impression is the opposite, that it mostly is the same people turning on the managers very quickly.\n\n>I somehow hope we get battered by Spurs and Ole gets sacked.\n\nSpoken like a true fan, cheering for his team to lose.
Only true supporters want their own team to lose. Good on ya, mate!\n\nIf you can't see the difference between last yeat and this year, please stop talking. Pretty plesae..
We are ticking every box to work towards mediocrity.
Relegation form
To be fair to him, we did try it for like two weeks
Very true. Never seemed like they were on the same page, working as a unit. This, again, was what we were promised in the summer
Told yall shits ole out since the beginning but yall said \u201cgive him time\u201d \ud83d\ude44
8 points if you consider the opposition we played (but taking Aston Villa, Norwich and Sheffield as Huddersfield, Fulham and Cardiff respectively)
and their managers are more at risk. But oh yeah our players are shit so the coaches are blameless.
Can't wait until another fucking post about Fergies early years is submitted on this sub.
You don\u2019t like 30 year gaps in time comparisons as if they\u2019re equivalent ignoring all the other details?\n\nFergie hiring was comparable to klopp hiring for Liverpool, not ole.
I can't and won't defend him, I just don't think sacking him changes anything.  As long as Ed is still in charge we aren't going anywhere.
What's the alternative? Indefinitely sack managers? when clearly the problems are somewhere else.
We don\u2019t really want Ole, we\u2019re just. so. tired. of. sacking. managers.
I don't think anybody was wrong in thinking that.
We are on track to score 8 less goals than last season in the Prem. We've regressed
Top wingers put the ball in dangerous spaces and top forwards attack those dangerous spaces. \n\nGame after game James puts in good crosses but the movement from the rest of the forwards is either non-existent or too obvious (and therefore easy to defend against). \n\nDan James should have countless more assists this season but his teammates are letting him down.
Right on the money. He's a classic winger and the only breath of fresh air in this shitshow of a season.
I disagree. He's an average crosser of the ball who seldom looks up. His end product would be better if he did
Idk man. When you're 3 yards from the 6 yard box multiple times and none of your guys ever make a run to the penalty spot you gotta be getting pretty heated.
That\u2019s literally what makes Man City so dangerous. They have pace on the wings with guys that are able to whip dangerous balls around the 6 yard box whenever they please and they have Aguero, Jesus or the opposite winger always right there to feed off it. It\u2019s a lack of desire from our forwards
> provided we don't win it of course\n\nDon't worry there's no danger of that happening
We\u2019re nowhere close to guaranteed top4, forget the title.\n\nBrendan Rodgers is our only hope. I dread the day I see Liv win the PL. Klopp is turning out to be their SAF, fucking hell
> (provided we don't win it of course)\n\nWe won\u2019t win it. We\u2019d be lucky not to battle relegation if ole doesn\u2019t get sacked.
It would take nothing short of every other team drawing until the season ends for United to win the league right now.
Contrast that to Ole\u2019s previous managerial experience. What a colossal fuck up. Rodgers should\u2019ve been the pick. Not Ole and not Poch either
Not defending Ole but: An ex-Liverpool manager heading United? Are you insane?
[deleted]
So? Vertonghen and Alderwield have been Shaky this season and DDG is far better than any keeper they have. Their start in the PL has been as bad as ours, but once we get Pogba, Dalot, McSauce, TFM, etc I can see us going on a run and nipping at City's/Chelsea's/Leicester's heels
When last has this happened?
Sorry?
I mean by every measure he was our best player... He covered both sides of the pitch for the useless Andreas Pereira, had the most key passes, highest pass success rate, most tackles, most interceptions.\n\nBut he didn't score a goal so I guess he's no good!
Dan James was better imo.
Well to be fair, he didn't kill anyone
Good thing theres no more killers in this team. Just corpses now.
Ole approved this so... yeah.
The bigger you get the harder you fall, though.
Think he\u2019s referring to reports a few days ago that Shaw was told he\u2019s behind Williams in the pecking order
Young is better than Williams at LB. It's RB where Young becomes championship standard
You forgot the shots into row z
But....but.....but....\n\n**#UNITED DNA**
Lmao mate, i spat my coffee
This sub and over hyping the youth.
Woodward loves youth. Because they are fucking cheaper
This sub buying Oles bullshit
However overrated you might think he is, he\u2019d be a much better appointment than OGS.
He's not overrated. He took a Europa level Spurs team and got them challenging for the title within 2 years with not much investment. Then makes it to the CL final against all odds. That's not even taking into account his work at Southampton.
Ahh a duo made to last, that is.
>This sub and overrating ~~poch~~
Stil cant believe we sacked him. What the fuck was woodward thinking. The man is an absolute tosspot. We had one of the best managers int he world and sacked him. Crazy
You mean most likely scenario.... never underestimate how bad we can fuck it up further. Never underestimate the amount of mental gymnastics the Ole in crowd will now use to say how he\u2019s deserving more time still. \n\nIt\u2019s pointless to even reply to their posts at this point though. They\u2019ll never accept he\u2019s a shit manager who\u2019s shown nothing of worth for us.
> Worst case scenario: Poch gets snatched up by another club\n\nI tried really hard to explain this viewpoint in the thread about Poch getting the sack on this sub. The common counter to that I was met with was essentially 'we've turned a corner, why destroy what's going well' (which was met with a lot of upvotes of course). Then I watched us play the first half against Sheffield United.....
Poch is not going to save this club. The problems are much, much deeper.
Why make substitutions so late? Greenwood might be young, but I really like him and he can give some unpredictability to our attack. Perhaps he could enter the fray earlier.
He literally gave an interview last week that substitutes need at least 20 mins to make an impact.
We cant pray that our youngsters will save us though. Todays game and the EL game proved that. Experience actually matters.
[deleted]
Wind your neck in, son.\n\n>15 minutes too late substituting Brandon for Shaw. Mason getting only 10 minutes, Pereira playing the full 90. Ole's game management is consistently awful.\n\nWhat I said during the game. If you had watched the game and been a little objective, you would have seen how awful Pereira was.
What would subbing in Shaw earlier have done?  How about giving mason an earlier go rather than customary 8-10 mins he gets after martial was very poor today
He wants that huge severance package and i don't necessarily blame him, the onus is on Ed to be proactive and do the right thing for once. I'm sure he doesn't want to admit he fucked up again but enough is enough.
We are seeing more attacking football and improved fitness compared to Mourinho's reign.
Just a heat of the moment reaction to the last 8 MONTHS. You know, it's not like we have only won 4 league games this season.
No it isn\u2019t
This sub is incredibly reactionary every gameweek. Better to just stay away really
Yes we've all been \"reactionary\" for months now. Find a dictionary
Ole can fuck off back to Scandinavia right with you.
Here come the downvotes! I was only making a joke about him saying \"fuck anyone saying this is reactionary\" but whatever. Knock yourselves out on your keyboards asking for the manager's head.
Ha wow I\u2019d imagine we\u2019d beat Everton and maybe get a draw or a win against spurs but lol
you actually believe you\u2019re gonna beat them when you struggle with Aston Villa
I dunno, toby direct to dele/son has been pretty deadly since jose started
God help lindelof
Super unlikely these injured players get to start right away, they lack match fitness.\n\nMost times they get subbed on for some minutes at best.\n\nAnd Pogba hasn\u2019t trained for so long, regardless of fitness
That is true. I agree with you. It is unlikely they\u2019ll start. But I hope we see that formation some day soon.
Both martial and Rashford are better players with the ball at their feet. They just don\u2019t have the positional sense to be world class strikers. Our mid field is pathetic, only Mata is ever in the box trying to make a run.
Do teams raise their games or are we just shit. Villa played well but they made a ton of mistakes and at times the quality just wasn't there for them
Are you sure it's the non-top six \\*all\\* raising their game?
I Hate that midfield too, but who would you put in there, huh? \nPogba, McT are injured, Garner is still just a kid, who else is supposed to play?
Or you know... be a fucking manager and learn to adapt once in a while. A 4231 isn\u2019t the only formation available. I know that\u2019s hard to believe.
Then tell me who will play there instead? And don't come with the vs answer \"garner or levitt\". Because they would have been bullied far worse then those two today
Am I missing something or is Matic not available? Because for all of Matic's short-comings he's still a better DM than Periera. This is why you don't alienate half your squad.
On the other hand, I think we started to play like that against Sheffield United, when Axel came on for Martial (I think), the result was chaos in defence and an equalizer
>(hell, even Barcelona sounds like a possible job for him) \n\nHe said he'd never join Barcelona
We've had 4 wins in 14 games, it's pathetic.\n\nSpurs and Arsenal have sacked their managers and they're both above us. That's what we've become.
Yeah - we need CMs desperately, no doubt about it. But we shouldn\u2019t to beat the teams we\u2019ve not been beating! That\u2019s the problem.
I\u2019m glad someone else is saying this. I\u2019ve been saying for months that Fred, Mata and Pereira aren\u2019t champions league standard. Where as;\n\nZakaria - Gladbach\n\nWard Prowse - Southampton \n\nNdidi - Leicester \n\nThose lads could offer so much more than those what\u2019s currently there. The defense needs protection and composure in front of them. Then, if Pogba stays, he needs the right players around him so he can express himself.  In the premier league he\u2019s a CAM or roaming playmaker at least,  he hasn\u2019t got the discipline to play any other way. Even for France he has Kante and Matuidi giving him license to play his own game.
I can\u2019t believe Woodward and Ole looked at the squad roster in the summer and decided it wasn\u2019t essential to purchase a centremidfielder.   \n  \n* Pogba - allegedly wants to leave to RM.     \n  \n  \n* Matic - on a steep decline, too slow and labouring.   \n  \n  \n* Fred - hadn\u2019t proven he was good enough.   \n  \n  \n* McTominay - they didn\u2019t know he was going to step up like he has. He could have crumbled under expectation.   \n  \n  \nAbsolute negligence.
Spot on mate. People so keen for it to be ONE problem, it\u2019s baffling.\n\nThe board is shit\nThe players are shit\nThe coaching staff are shit\n\nIt can be, and is, more than one thing wrong
People intentionally oversimplify things to lay all the blame on the board because that's the only way they can defend Ole. They are capable of understanding the nuance of the whole situation, they just don't want to.
That\u2019s a tough concept for this sub to grasp though. Anything more than a or b and it\u2019s something they find baffling. That and not following the hive mind. \n\nFor the ole in crowd, nothing will ever make it his fault and he needs years... despite being a totally incompetent manager, but somehow he\u2019s shown amazing progress only they can see and he\u2019s the best manager in the world for our side because \u201cnobody else can do a better job with this squad\u201d at all. Nobody. We are so blessed to have the best manager in world football for this side that we have. \n\nThey clearly are able to see what anti united fans want and that\u2019s for us to stick with ole............
This game should get him fired alone, there's absolutely no reason to give him another game
I think he's out already, but will probably get through to the city game.
Don\u2019t think anyone is expecting that. But he\u2019d taken spurs as far as he could and while on that terrible run, also reached a CL final. It\u2019s about who you want to progress with the rebuilding - a guy who ticks all the boxes - good football, young players, done well in the PL - or Ole, who\u2019s frankly been shit since he was appointed permanently almost a year ago
We are a proper mid table club. And we have been for six years straight barring a couple of flukey years here and there.\n\nI don\u2019t know who, or what the solution is to bring the club out of this mid table rabbit hole.\n\nI personally think whoever the manager is we will just have to ride the storm. Ole may deserve to get sacked, but I can\u2019t see a different fate for any other manager we appoint now either.\n\nWe are in trouble, and will continue to be unless there\u2019s some massive drastic change.
That doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Martial, Rashford, James, Mctominay, Pogba, Maguire, Lindelof, AWB, DDG all fit the high pressing, attacking style Ole supposedly wants to implement here. We should be beating teams like Newcastle, B'mouth, Palace, etc(who are all even more of a mess than we are in this regard).
Lindelof isn\u2019t good enough for the PL and that\u2019s only 8 players man, that\u2019s not even close to good enough if you want to be competitive. You can see how poor we become when just a couple get injured. Martial gets injured, we have no depth behind him and form instantly drops off. Pogba and McTominay get injured and our form instantly drops off because we literally have one other midfielder. Lack of investment is rampant throughout the squad and it\u2019s going to be at least 2 transfer windows until we can play high pressing with quick transitions from front to back footy. Look how slow our transitions were today, it\u2019s because we have no midfielders without Scotty or Paul that can move the ball quickly between the lines. Sure, we can sack Ole I\u2019m not opposed but it\u2019s not going to solve anything.
Yeah. I should clarify that it's crossing from deep that was awful. The amount of times James put in a tasty cross from the by line and all of our strikers just hanging out with their fingers up their arses at the edge of the box was infuriating.
Foundations for a relegation battle
Hahaha what a world we would be living in then.
Even if we had Klopp in command, we'd lose that game. Our squad is not prepared.
Not true, we nearly beat Liverpool despite missing Pogba and Martial. We do well against teams that deploy a high line against us and that's how Spurs operate so... if we get someone competent in and sack Ole ASAP, no reason we cannot get a positive result there.
Yeah I reckon it\u2019s city, will probably pull out a draw at Tottenham and give people hope, then smashed against city
Oh fuck off. There\u2019s nothing wrong with wanting the manager out but always back the team you plastic twat.
I hope mourinho scores a hattrick
You fuck off. One more fucking loss doesnt even matter when we\u2019re already finish for the season after horrendous start to the season. This season is another write-off for us and we can already start to talk about next season and actually replace him this wednesday. Just one more fucking loss doesnt even matter now when the season is already over in DECEMBER you fucking piece of shit. Go fuck yourself
Lol, bit too late for this. Clear we aren't going anywhere under Ole, i can see why people would so desperately want him gone. \n\nI'd say this game should get him the sack though, i don't think we need to wait much longer.
Why the fuck is this being upvoted? What is wrong with you people?
Because we had enough with this manager. I love him i really do because i still remember when he played for us and he is a legend for us but managerial wise he is really bad. He is clueless and incompetent and guess what? This season is already over in DECEMBER. We are worse than Mou\u2019s last season and that speaks volume for a manager that tries to play the \u201cutd way\u201d in almost every his press conference. \n\nIve still seen people defendibg him for trying to play the Utd way. Trying and actually doing it are 2 different things. Keep in mind
Being ole out isn\u2019t knee jerk anymore IMO, the knee jerk reaction was keeping him based off his extended new manager honeymoon period or the 4 game run we went on recently lol
There's just no semblance to WHAT exactly is Ole building?
9 wins in 32 isn\u2019t knee jerk. He should\u2019ve been sacked ages ago or better yet, never been given the full time job. Any half decent club would\u2019ve sacked him by now and any top team would\u2019ve sacked him possibly twice for that record. Madrid maybe would\u2019ve done it even after he got the full time job when he won 2/12 games last season. \n\nWe aren\u2019t a top team on any level apart from our \u201cname and brand\u201d anyway with how we are ran. Not even close.
Knee jerk lmao
They're also losing a ton of money from missing out the CL for another season potentially this way though. They're just incompetent
They dont realise that untill it happens
Perfect time to buy! We only spend when the player is way over valued.
I guess no point in having academy then.
Academy is called academy for a reason.   If they are already good enough, they should not be in the academy in the first place.
Yeah, I should just ignore them next time!
You're right.
Exactly. That's what people here don't understand. We have no style of play or identity. No amount of transfer windows will solve that. Look at fucking Leeds pre Bielsa and how they play after getting him appointed. They barely made any signings and saw marked improvement. Ole hasn't improved a single player on this team bar maybe Rashford and McTominay.
Don't know why you're downvoted. But I wouldn't say it's totally popular to criticize the coach outside post match threads etc, and I say that with experience.
Eh I think if you abuse Ole or say he\u2019s a Norwegian PE teacher or something along those lines you\u2019ll get downvoted. But I usually see rational, thoughtful criticism getting lots of upvotes.\n\nThe other day we had the \u201ccause for optimism\u201d thread and one of the top comments mentioned how we\u2019re in a pretty shit position results wise..so the idea that criticism of Ole/players/team isn\u2019t allowed is nonsense IMO.
The most logical thing I've read so far in this thread. Not sure why people think sacking Ole now means Poch is in now, I remember reading he's not managing until summer at earliest. \n\nThere is no point in sacking Ole now and bringing in Mr Random McFucksticks; have them do well with the new manger rebound and end up giving them a 3 year contract (exactly what happened with Ole). Wait until summer to sack Ole and bring in Poch or any other competent manger that's available
Or offsides in other games
Yeah thats prettu spot on, my Fifa teams looks more organized than this sude.
Stretford End was singing his name a couple of times but there were a lot of groans and moans in my section (NE stand) towards both players and Ole. Boos rang out at full time too
>Boos rang out at full time too\n\nYou think Woody and the staff would've noticed them? Is it new or has this been happening for some time (if you talked to others)
Couple of Ole songs ringing about but an awful lot of frustration to be honest. It was very painful to watch in the first half, we didn\u2019t play well at all
First half was dire and second half more energy In stretford end but lots of frustration to go with it. Got to give it to villa fans however, they had great support today
Just wait till we get martial back
Just needs 3 or 5 more windows
When Pogba comes back he\u2019ll be like a new signing
Yeah, but just wait til Pogba\u2019s back and playing out position.
I remember calling this out at the time. You never know though, I'm convinced a new line of reasoning will be made to defend Ole based on false premises probably, perhaps 'wait till we get Pogba back' will become popular on this sub now. \n\nI remember getting stick for pointing out last season that we won't magically start pressing well this season (look, Sheffield schooled us in this department) because of inadequate coaching, but was met with 'these players are unfit, let Ole have a proper preseason, then we'll see' replies. \n\nThen 'but look at our xG' became a thing this season. Michael Cox destroyed this narrative after he wrote a piece before the Liverpool game and explained how we were OUTDOING our xG from open play. Yet again, the problem stems from not creating enough chances set pieces and penalties aside.\n\nThen it went to 'wait till Martial is back', and we'll see how it goes from here.\n\nI also notice how many of those who disagree talk about how getting players will improve the team, but somehow talk regarding coaching and tactics is scarce but some platitudes are common. Then we find fault with coaches like Poch to make a case for Ole staying over him.
Below arsenal still who just sacked there manager
Or as I've been hearing, let's just wait till city and liverpool arnt good anymore.
Below Spurs as well, who's manager has been their best in the modern era and just got them to CL with an amazing team he mostly built\n\nThey are at least showing ambition
And Tottenham who did the same
As bad as things have been since Fergie retired I never thought we'd be in a spot where we have less ambition than Arsenal, yet here we are.
And Spurs?
4 wins. No discernible style of play. No improvement whatsoever.  We can\u2019t attack in a form that isn\u2019t a counter, we can\u2019t defend despite spending \u00a3130m. Can\u2019t score from set pieces, can defend set pieces. The man is hilariously out of his depth. Does not belong at this level. People who are still Ole In are beyond delusional
> People who are still Ole In are beyond delusional\n\nThey're fanatical. They don't want to believe that something they love has gotten so bad. There's always going to be a branch of fans who will defend the club, no matter how bad it gets, simply because they believe that to show any form of negativity is to be a \"Bad fan\".\n\nOle is horrifically out of his depth, but of course he is. His experience is minimal. His last Pl run was a disaster too, and the only positives come in the form of winning trophies in Norway. He'd have never gotten the job if he wasn't an ex-player.\n\nAnd you know what? It's ok to call out the club on mistakes, while also still loving the player that was OGS. He will forever be one of my favorite players. But as a manager, he's horrifically under-qualified, and horrifically out of his depth (and if you don't believe he is, I ask a simple question; would ANY other Pl team take Ole as their manager?)
*but Ole knows the club*
So much this. \n\nTo add, this is not just a temporary dip in form. This is not a rough patch. This is our baseline level. Any wins we have are EXCEPTIONS to our mediocrity, not a rule.
Mate look. You need to understand this.\n\nYOUTH. COURAGE. SUCC... FAILURE
I hear if we give Ole a couple more transfer windows then we might start to see actual football!
HOW CAN YOU WIN A MATCH IF MESSI ISN\u2019T PLAYING FOR YOU
His last game might be against Jose Mourinho's Tottenham. This has to be an alternate reality, surely.
Should sack him now just to spare us the banter from everyone else when our ex manager gets his replacement sacked
It's actually unbelievable, 4 wins out of 14 and Ole is still in a job. I love the man but enough is enough he's clearly not good enough.
As a Liverpool fan I find it funny that one of our biggest rivals is doing so poorly, but growing up I always thought utd were invincible. They played like champions every game. They were ruthless. They never tired. It just made me feel hopeless that we'd never win anything. I really feel for you guys. I know how it feels to watch as your rivals are doing well and you're not. I really do feel for you guys as supporters. We all want our club to do well.\n\nThis season has been such a shocker it really has. Best of luck to.you guys for the rest of the season.
Every time you hope that shithouse statistic will go away someone brings it up again for some reason.
I mean xg was the stat that predicted giving ole the job permanently was a bad idea
Asked in the thread if someone could explain to me how much of that xG was accrued over chances that aren't pens or setpieces and chances that were not made due to attacking transitions, and got no response. I'm genuinely curious about that.
Proves it\u2019s all about margins
Never would\u2019ve kept the job if he wasn\u2019t a legend and if our board weren\u2019t made up of retarded cunts anyway. \n\nI\u2019m very sure that Bayern, Juve, Barcelona or a good number of other big clubs would\u2019ve sacked their managerial legends for the horrendous run ole has had in fewer games and Perez, would\u2019ve very likely sacked Zidane even, twice by now if he had such a shit spell for so long, despite 3CLs in a row and he\u2019s a managerial and player legend for them. \n\nOle isn\u2019t even a managerial legend nor has he done anything of worth on a great level as a manager in his career so far except for convince his cult following that united need more time to beat villa despite resting the entire first team in midweek and also that we need more time to beat Rochdale or actually, win more than 9/32 games anyway. That\u2019s his greatest managerial achievement.
Perfect interim appointment. Embarrassing full time appointment.
Pochettinos league form with spurs for a year was pretty garbage too though
So was Klopps in his last season at Dortmund. Both are proven quality managers though, unlike Ole.
Exactly and it\u2019s not like it happened once, there is just no learning or coaching
He\u2019s definitely better than he used to be but he still has work to do in that regard. His link up play is excellent but he currently lacks that true poachers instinct that we\u2019ve come to expect from our number 9\u2019s in the past.
Hold up, I didn\u2019t realize we would have expected a loss to villa if we didn\u2019t rest our \u2018key\u2019 players. \n\nOh and we lost to the \u2018best team\u2019 in kazakhstan with our young squad so I guess that\u2019s progress \n\nShouldn\u2019t the manager be responsible for thinning the squad? It literally makes 0 sense to blame the thin squad for this poor run of results. If he had any involvement in getting rid of \u2018deadwood\u2019 players who could actually turn in some extra needed points, I say he has to bear the consequences for it. \n\nThe same way he would be lauded as a managerial genius if it works out.
They also forget that most of our players today wouldn't get into the starting 11 of another top team.
Lol nah. So many better teams will come from the CL.
I'm starting a new job for fuck's sake... I need confidence and good mood... I'm miserable and don't even want to go tomorrow now...
Well good luck mate.
Alright i'll bite. I'm not Ole out, I know we're far from where we want to be at the moment, but I honestly don't see why changing the manager will make it better. We've done it more or less every second season since SAF, where has it gotten us? The squad simply isn't good enough for top 4 IMO - there is a reason why Mou claims 2nd with united is his biggest achievement and outside of that our only top 4 finish is 4th with LVG.\n\nI'm not saying Ole is on par with Klopp or Pep, but they both had difficult first seasons at their respective clubs, and I do think we had a good transfer window this summer. The three signings are performing (relatively) well, and i'm happy we shipped out the players we did. I also think it's a bit unfair to completely write off his resuts during the time as an interim manager. In any case I hope and believe we will give him another summer transfer window and let him show us how a second season shapes up.
That's a good point: the only people who can in any way be optimistic and Ole in clearly must not watch our games. They see 2-2 vs Villa and think we were unlucky or some shit.
I mean we won majority of the games by penalties and still playing like shit
TBF, if they had 2-3 midfielders injured the majority of the season (i.e. Kante, jorginho, kovacic), they would be in a similar position to us, if not worse. Not defending our woeful performances though.
Mediocre is generous to describe Pereira at 10
You can't honestly think that was Ole's call.
I feel a lot of this can be overcome with experience. We may develop Martial into a poacher, who scores the 'easy' goals that we lack. Same for decision making.\n\nWe need to get better supply to our front three. Many a times Martial just felt isolated, and we depend on rashford and James making runs for any chance on the target. A creative midfielder is a big priority this January
facts
What is the endgame in this mate, in 3 years are we going to even be close to winning the league under Ole. I\u2019m not sure to be honest
Dont think anyone is delusional tbh. Not this sub anyway
Ter stergen is doing wonders too
Can't believe that their board is wasting Messi on him
I\u2019m talking about right now, not a couple months ago.
Don\u2019t be so sure.  Any decent midfielders could come to this team and instantly start ahead of the likes of mata, Andreas and even Fred.  That is pretty attractive.
Yeah we dominated rochdale when pogba was healthy.
lol sick.
We literally did but we couldn't score. Dominate \u2260 score goals.
Chelsea dominated us lets be real. They were the better team just gave away a shit pen and then didnt really have a defence we were lucky to play them first game of the year.
Same happened with Klopp & Ancelotti lol. They were available just after we hired LVG.
Well yeah, maybe the best now is to put enough pressures for the board to assign a DOF.
Impossible thing to do imo
It's as if the PR team prepares a template for the players and manager to use after every game
If anything, the team was better before Ole was appointed
We play more entertaining now.
Jose is not the best example
Jose took this piss poor squad to a second place finish. Like it or not, that was absolutely impressive.
I will when they only win 4 out of 14 games.\n\nFYI, Jose's stat when he was fired was 7 wins, 5 draws, 4 losses in 16 games. 26 points.
But that doesnt imply that we are good against better sides
Wow. You could say that if we had ONE physically imposing midfielder or at least a good reader of the game. Our midfield wasn't being exposed when physically imposing Scott was there.
>Our midfield wasn't being exposed when physically imposing Scott was there.\n\nLol, yes it fucking was. McTominay played when Newcastle played us off the park, when West Ham strolled through us and when Bournemouth completely negated us.\n\nWhat a load of absolute bollocks.
Go on Busby, tell us how to make Fred and Perreria decent
How about taking advantage of the abundance of CBs we have to get them comfortable playing with 3 at the back, thus taking some of the defensive pressure off two midfielders who aren't great at controlling matches?
No way is phelan qualified for manager. An assistant at best. \n\nWe need someone with a proven track record. Poch is the only option imo.
Well if poch can\u2019t take us into top 4 this year, we sack his ass and find a new manager.  No big deal.
Sadly, it won't happen under the Glazers. Any other top club and he'd have been replaced years ago.
Most top clubs would have hired a DoF and made Woodward CFO
Definitely not defending Ole because it's in no way been good enough from him but I can't put all the blame on him. Woodward has been in charge of 4 managers now and they've all gone to shit. That's not a coincidence.
Yeah, great with buisness. The guy's only blown about a billion pounds on players that 90% have been fucking useless and contributed nothing.
Yes, but that's what I'm saying. Take away the football side of things and he could be great.
I don't disagree but United can sell Sanchez but they can't sell Woodward right?
We technically can sell Woodward, it would just be illegal
That\u2019s up to Ole to decide. Garner, Levitt, Vic or Rojo at DM... let someone show that they can play there before Pereira gets caught in possession against Spurs and Son Dele and Kane wreck us. \n\nNo one envisioned Rashford, McSauce, Dan James being regular fixtures on the team when they debuted.. they took their chances and earned it. \n\nYeah we have injuries but every team faces injuries. Pep played Fernandinho and another DM as his CB pair. Adrian was undefeated when Alisson was out. Chelsea played without Kante and Rudi for most of their season and had a transfer ban.\n\nSAF routinely played players out of position when he had injury crises. Mou (or maybe LvG) made Valencia and Young fullbacks.
Pereira is 24 next month. Just no way should he ever have been in a position to play regularly for us.
If it meant we spent less in other areas, like hell it matters.
I don't think we should have spent anywhere other than CB though.\n\nWe had 0 CBs capable of leading the unit. We're light in midfield, but at least have Pogba to anchor the unit. Plus our CB play last year with the ball was so bad it was hard to properly assess midfield anyway. Pogba and Mctominay is a miles better situation than some combo of Lindelof/Smalling/Jones/Rojo
Bro we aren\u2019t that good defensively. We leak goals left right and center
That\u2019s true, but he\u2019s much better all around than anyone we had at the club previously. Now when a top manager comes he has the personnel to make a good back line.
We only need a few more players to unlock pogba, martial, maguire....
He has the turning radius of a tractor and is just as fast. \n\nI guess he\u2019s another one who needs other players around him to unlock his potential.
Werner would improve our attack massively. Still not sold on Haaland as he is young and playing in a tier 2 league.
I honestly can\u2019t wrap my head around why he chose to move away from the 4-3-3. And why he had the team work on 3 atb a lot when it has been a disaster for us this season. It really confuses me.
>I honestly can\u2019t wrap my head around why he chose to move away from the 4-3-3\n\nWe don't have a DM. Matic just isn't mobile anymore. Plus Herrera left. McTominay is doing well in his place but he's not a DM. Our brilliant board decided to not sign any midfielders.\n\nA 433 requires a great DM who will run till the end of the match, and pass the ball along nicely to more creative colleagues. We don't have such an option.
[deleted]
They were singing his name after full time.\n\nI\u2019m not sure what he\u2019s supposed to do when Martial is too lazy to make a run into the 6 yard box when Dan James keeps putting the ball on a plate.
They sang for Moyes up to his last game.
So the fans haven\u2019t turned on him then.
Too many plastics on the internet.
Plastic for being unhappy with the worst manager in United\u2019s history.
[deleted]
Don\u2019t think Bayern\u2019s history is that much worse...
Wat u talkin bout m8 we da biggestest club in the world
Rival? You mean us?
Well,yeah\n\nBig 6 and shit
No matter if we stick with Ole or bring in Poch (or whoever), January will be crucial. If we don't sign at least 2 good players there will be no point in watching the rest of the season to be brutally honest.
Yep
Bold of you to assume Ed will give him freedom in transfers
>He knows he'll be backed with $ for transfers as well\n\nAre you sure? They haven't backed Mourinho or Ole properly
They definitely backed Mou with 200m+ in transfers. They didn't back 2 of his transfers where he wanted older players. \n\nOle's been backed as well. He's dead set on the youth, including if it relegates United.
Nothing disappoints me anymore. Came back from 2-0 down to concede a last minute equalizer? Nice\n\nLost to Palace at home? Fabulous\n\nOur goal of the month in September was a Rashford penalty? Gr8
Don't worry, the rest of us will shout and swear at our tv's in annoyance, anger and eventually acceptance for you. Congratulations btw.
Thank you very much :) Hopefully something will change sooner rather than later
It\u2019s ridiculous. 6 PL wins since he was made permanent manager. 6 fucking wins in 22 PL games. People talk about time but time should be given to competent managers, and competent managers wouldn\u2019t go 6 in 22
I don't think the marketing team will be able to resist setting up Poch vs Jose.
And r/Reddevils mods.
You have been banned from /r/reddevils for 3 days
Damn
Lmao. This is delusional. Have you watched us play?...
The players aren\u2019t performing but the manager isn\u2019t helping he needs to go
I agree. There's something to be said for returning a traditional powerhouse back to the top in a down period as well. There's definitely a personality that would find that more attractive than taking over at Man City at the end of the season, for example, and just walking into a ready made contender.\n\nThe only obstacle could be if Woodward is really that difficult to work with, which I don't think we can conclude yet for sure. Even if the transfers downturn is his fault, there's still plenty of talent at the club for the right manager to come in and improve.\n\nWe need a player developing manager if we're not going to be massive transfer spenders, because young players will always come to UTD as long as we keep our identity as a top club that will give them a chance.\n\nPoch top of the list.
Nagglesman, Poch, Allegri, Howe (seriously), and ten Hag would probably be my five main targets with Poch and Nagglesman as my top two.\n\nCall up Tuchel too, even if it's unlikely. Doesn't hurt to try.
Lol yes, that worked so well the past few times
>Throw enough money and you\u2019ll get anyone\n\nSure they throw enough money at their wages, but they don't throw enough funds to fix the issues through transfers so what's the point?
Levy is right about the control thing. No way Woodward brings in a DoF and sets up a proper internal sporting management structure. Probably going to take a couple of years at mid-table ala Liverpool for their to be any significant changes.
It's downright pathetic\n\nI don't know why fans here think we're some exception to all the rules just because we're unoted.
553. He is still giving it away even after the final whistle.
Paying Sanchez wages so he can go play CL footy is another brain dead move.\n\nSigning no strikers while 1letting our best striker go was another howler.\n\nI even wish we still had fellaini, he is better than our whole midfield out there today.
Maguire has been worth 80m.\n\nWe should have bought midfield players but I think that\u2019s more a Woodward problem. Herrera has come out and said that he didn\u2019t resign for a club that puts commercials before football.\n\nWan bissaka and James have been good signings.
1.\nNo way on earth has Maguire justified spending most of your budget let alone 80m on him.\n\nHes no better defensively than what we had,  he's intact a liability if we want to play a high line with a press due to his slow turning circle and pace. \n\nEven if you think hes good enough, no way on earth has our defensive output justified that ridiculous end of the earth signing fee.\n\n2.James has been good. Wan Bissaka is good but not as good as people make him out to be. \n\nIf you think all the good stuff was down to Ole and the bad stuff to Woodward then you're just cherry picking.
In order to be worth \u00a380m he would have to be the stand out best defender in the world. He isn't even close.
James has been an ok signing. I mean look he looks like a nice guy but he should not be a starter.
I didn't say we should keep Ole. Just that we can't expect the next manager to save the season.
This is the issue. This is it. The teams we have lost to aren't better than us. We have lost to teams we shouldn't be losing to or losing points to. Ole might do well against big teams but there are more small teams than big teams in the league.\nAnd if we have failed consistently to get wins from such teams I'm afraid changes have to be made.
Sheffield United have drawn with us, Spurs and Chelsea, they've beaten Arsenal,and Liverpool needed a colossal Dean Henderson fuck-up to beat them.\n\nVilla outplayed Spurs for the entire game before collapsing, held Arsenal until right near the end, and beat Wolves (which we amongst others have failed to do).\n\nWhilst we should be winning, it's disingenuous to say they're shit just because they've been recently promoted.
This is the new \"Just wait until Martial is back\"
Give us Klopp, give us Guardiola, if we still just have Fred and Pereira available as CMs it\u2019s no chance in hell they would have done so much better. People seem to forget from game to game that time means time, he has had 1 transfer window, and we were just 3 points behind 5th place yesterday, early in his first full season, with many games fucked up by junior mistakes (Liverpool, yesterday, Sheffield etc).
We\u2019ve already qualified for the knockout in the Europa league.   AZ need to beat us to top the group.
You dont think that is possible?
Always bet on United to win. Regardless of why my senses tell me.
Who do Sheffield United play in midfield?
Rashford and Martial were ordinary today...
I felt Rashford was brilliant on the ball, the only issue is he rarely got it at first.
And whose fault is that? Ole gave Mata 3 MORE FUCKING YEARS!
Lol shit excuse. Yes a more competent manager would not be 3 points from 17th place with those players. If he was consistently in 6th and we were showing improvement sure. But he has been utterly shit.
Ole gave Mata and Pereira contract extension. I know people will blame this on Ed but imagine saying with a straight face it isn't Ole who want them to stay and had input on it
We seriously should get Zlatan back.
We don\u2019t need a short term fix
Kinda reminds me of Depay.
Very much so.
He\u2019ll tear it up at his next club
SAF wouldn\u2019t be dumb enough to come into the season with this midfield. And even then, it\u2019s offensive to suggest he would as tactically inept at Ole. I fully believe he\u2019d have beat Villa today at least and beat them easily
I was just following up on his comment lol
Mate have you watched the past 8 months? How is that in any way reactionary?????????????????
Fuck me, 4 wins this season and I'm being reactionary?
I've been happy enough with AWB and Maguire, but they were a bit overpriced probably. It is what it is. For those prices, IMO, you hope for better. They've both helped, but they are not amazing.
And Lukaku also didn\u2019t fit the style Ole wanted to play (obviously though he should\u2019ve been replaced). I agree with this, a little overpriced but they\u2019re young and in a couple years I think both should be top tier players.
Maguire (whilst being a good player) was definitely overpriced- but I gotta disagree with you on AWB.
Fair enough, but still. That's a long drought with no PL title.
Thats a bit harsh. He definitely qualify as a coach, he is just not premiership quality. I think the norweigan league would be very much happy to take him back with open arms
I meant you don't deserve to coach in the PL
This is ridiculous. With a win against Spurs we can be top 5 as well. You act like Ole decides who we buy. He wanted more transfers, they didn\u2019t happen. And we sold the deadweight, yeah more need to go and replacements need to happen, but Ole isn\u2019t able to say I want him and the board buys him. We have known for some time now that the manager can only suggest and hope. The boys are playing for him. Teams are scoring some outlandish goals to snag points from us. Be real.
People said the same thing about that winning against Villa and we will be 5th. But instead we almost got humiliated by a newly promoted. \n\nDon\u2019t you guys see it, even if we win against spurs OLE is still a fraud, a one trick pony, he basically has zero idea how to tactically setup his team against teams. \n\nYou can\u2019t have the same we will counter when we the get the ball approach to every game it doesn\u2019t works. Might work against bigger teams because they would press you and give you more spaces to counter but against a team who defend with cohesion we won\u2019t be break because we don\u2019t have any game plan when there is no space to work it. This just shows OLE is out of depth. \n\nLegendary player, Shite coach. I\u2019m done
Someone finally speaking sense, you could have SAF in that dressing room and the team would only marginally perform better, as long as Woodward is at the club nothing will change
Lundstram, Kelly and Rico were all cheaper than Greenwood at 4.0. Also made the emotional choice of picking Greenwood at the start after watching preseason games and Ole saying he could start against Chelsea and was our best finisher, etc. Done much better with a consistent scoring front 3 ever since I dropped him in early October.
I think he means cheapest forward.
Doucoure, Sancho, Haland, are some options?
Do you really think Sancho will come to us? I have a feeling that we will have to pay over the market price for him and even IF he joins us. But I'm sure he will have a lot more suitors than us and the chances of him picking us over others at this moment is slim.
A midfielder and a right winger for fucks sake. Or 2 midfielders. They end up playing over the odds anyways. Napoli has a huge shitshow going down. We should go poach Allan or someone from there. Fuck if I know but it's the boards job to be on top of these things which they're clearly not.
He also has a history of developing individual players and I think we have a lot of potentially world class players to work with (Rashford, Martial, Greenwood, Pogba, AWB) and a lot of potentially very good players as well (Mctominay, James, Dalot, Tuanzebe, Gomes, Garner, Maguire). Potential is just potential but it's fair to say we have it and it's better than nothing.
What about Mourinho? Isn\u2019t he a good manager and tactician?\n\nWhat about LVg?
Mourinho's problem has always been his personality and the way he deals with players. He is still one of the best managers in the game as far as tactics are concerned. LVG was a great tactician aswell, it's just that his style of football was a snoozefest. Ole seems to be reasonable at micro-managing the players, albeit a but complacent. He seems a bit inept as far as tactics are concerned...
Do you trust our stupid board to do something of note in January?
If they do nothing then its on them for the season we end up with. Not bringing them in during the summer and then also in Jan also when it was abundantly clear we were a midfielder and striker short.\n\nAs for trust them to not be stupid, no i dont i really wouldnt be surprised if we ended up with rakatic/bale/mandzukic instead of going for someone younger with legs but still experienced.\n\nThey might delay the midfielder until summer just because of who then becomes potentially available. Raid the relegation teams for example, or just easier to get players out of teams unlike mid season.. Would be funny if we go and hit bruno fernandes new buyout clause because we didnt go for him in the summer and also tragic at the same time.
Its not just this game but at Crystal Palace, Arsenal, Liverpool, Sheffield all points dropped at vital times because of defensive mistakes.
Yes I agree, but our momentum right now I think it's preatty bad and Spurs' is very high + mou will be very motivated.\n\nAlso city is not playing great, but they can lose more points.
That too. Absolutely. We need another body in midfield and upfront. And a body that is capable of competing to start. Not just a pair of legs that'll fill a jersey.
Outside of maybe 2 positions (goalies and centre back) we haven't got the squad to handle any injury.. the drop off from our starters to our backups is massive. And we haven't had our best 11 out more than once in 2019 I'd say, and that was Chelsea opening day.\n\nGet the 11 I've listed above together for a month and judge ole after that month. Because you can't say manager is going to be able to play how he wants to play when the current version of mata and Pereira are 2 of our 3 midfield players. It's impossible to control a game and implement a gameplan when you have that midfield.\n\n  \n\n\nGive ole the time to get the squad fit and our best 11 on the pitch together. Then if we're still unable to beat a westham level team with ease, bin him... that's only fair imo \ud83e\udd37\u2642\ufe0f
Look, I love Ole but his tactics are not good enough. The pattern of play is very average and predictable in the final 3rd. I love everything he is trying to do but he is not a good enough manager to achieve it. Maybe give him the DOF role, or bring in Joachim Low as an advisor to guide our staff. But something needs to be done. You dont need world class players to get results against the likes of Rochdale and Astana. 7 wins 33 is not good enough.
The fuck you talk about? We didn't have AWB, Maguire and James at the end of last season. Ole brought them in and they made big difference. The issue now is still the weak midfield that Woodward didn't give Ole any reinforcement.
Yeah awb maguire and james really dropped the ball last season
We didn't have the summer signings. Lindelof and mctominay look miles better this year too. As does Fred. We just haven't got our best 11 out since Chelsea I'd say
I understand, I'm frustrated as well, but the level of toxicity is beyond that.
We have periera and Williams starting...
Pereira is the only weak link in that team.
From today's team mata if ole is going to persist with 4231. If we went with 3 in midfield I would have been happy to see mata out for lingard or garner, have a fluid front 3 of rashford martial james.
That could be an option. However wouldn\u2019t we risk having zero midfield creativity without mata? I think we expected villa to park the bus hence mata was put on the starting lineup.
It baffles me, it really does, that people don\u2019t take this into account. Their arguments are totally useless as they don\u2019t take this fact into account. It\u2019s surreal.
So who should Lukaku have played for today, you recon?
You're telling me the squad today was perfect?you didn't miss someone capable of meeting those balls into the box?
You c an say a lot about Rashford but he\u2019s not lazy.
I'd definitely take John McGinn over Fred/Pereira. A midfield 2 of McGinn & McTominay would be decent I think.
You\u2019d have to take them over Pogba as that is our starter there.
Appreciate your view but then look at our season....nothing to take for granted
Wrt to our aspirations ofc...But this is what the squad is seemingly capable of
Ha, there's nothing in that starting 11 that reminds me of the good days. Except for a nimble curly haired Welshmen. But even then, I know that ends in hurt.
Different things mate
Shit sorry , I was wrong when I mentioned \" release clause \"...\n\nBut , it's a fact that french LFP forbid the use of buy back clause. We only have a first option to sign him ( if Lyon were willing to sell him ) \n\nhttps://amp.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/5oy21f/james_ducker_re_depay_buyback_clause_its_quite/\n\nhttps://twitter.com/TelegraphDucker/status/822140866357760000?s=19
\ud83d\ude2d
It might not matter to the board or Ole where were finish in the league but it will matter to players we try to sign. Top class players won't want to join a club that is bottom half. The Utd name is listing its attraction and so soon will the money. \n\nGet Poch in so players will actually want to join.
For me, I don't see us going backwards, i see injuries taking their toll on an already thread bare squad.  He has started a rebuild which takes time (as opposed to papering over cracks) and I agree with the guy above tearing up and rebuilding rebuilds without funds doesn't seem smart -regardless of pedigree. And I don't think anyone with pedigree is currently available or willing to gamble (I'm assuming pedigree here means having won something as we are Man Utd)
I personally think thats why he had a downturn at Spurs especially after the CL loss, he wanted the United job before Ole got appointed. His press conferences and the murmurings out of Spurs seem to make that clear. I remember they even banned the media asking questions about United and Levy talked about how he wouldn't get as much control here as he does there.
Levy's control comment is interesting. I wonder whether there is a view in the professional football community that the United position doesn't have much control.
Wouldnt mind him coming here tbh
That\u2019s what happened to Netflix, MySpace, Netscape, Friendster and now to shopping malls. We need to sell if the Saudis want it soon, otherwise no private equity fund will want to buy us out.
Nobody is buying us if we slowly lose our revenue. Income will dry up after a decade without success. Nike don't wanna pay a billion dollars to stick their logo on a shirt being worn by Fred.\n\nI'm not saying we're going to drop into division 3 or anything, but we have to prepare for the worst - Which is that the best years of the club are behind us. Not in front of us.
We're one of the biggest names in sport and have been for decades - we not going to be consigned to eternal mediocrity. Look where Liverpool are today; they've been a joke for much of the last 20 seasons. Look what we achieved after our drought in the 70s and 80s. Look at City and Chelsea.\n\nThings won't always be going our way, there'll be high and lows to come, but we're not a team who when we slip we can't climb back up. We're a huge name who will always be in demand. And the worse we are and the lower our value drops the more attractive our price becomes.
Ole publicly saying he decided not to pursuit another player in the market doesn\u2019t fit into your scope of \u201clogic and reasons\u201d then?
Poch has a track record of improving players. Unlike Ole.
Can a good manager magically coach Pereira, Fred and Mata world class before a match? No. He will also have to deal with the absolute mediocrity within our squad. Firing Ole now will only let him inherit the same players, same injuries and shitty fucking CEO. We have so many problems beyond Ole.\n\nOle is not our future manager. He will most likely be sacked after the City game to give a new manager the same run as him. And the cycle continues.\n\nSad, thats all.
This has been going on since before the transfer window and before the injuries.
Since we lost Herrera
I don\u2019t think that squad should be struggling against Aston Villa
The squad as a whole no, our midfield though? Absolutely, without Pogba it's genuinely a worse midfield than Villa. We got unlucky to concede a screamer and an offside trap fuckup, sure, but we should be dominating in any games against Villa and we clearly aren't. This squad is absolute trash, and everybody but kneejerk Ole haters and the board knows it.\n\nI'm not opposed to ditching Ole for Poch or any another coach with better credentials, I don't think Ole adds anything to this team. But I think it's dumb to blame Ole when to me it's clearly a result of horrible transfer policy.
Jose era guy here...we need therapy
so sad man whats happening to our football club its rotten from back to front
but the rumors spread for months, that's borderline impossible to approach someone as mou-ish level and agent like mendes that fast. beside that, ready and waiting is the most un-woodward thing to do.
Please tell me, have the club tactics with sacking the manager after a bad run worked in the longer perspective? Haven\u2019t we tried that yet? Give Ole and his team this whole season, then judge them.
You could employ 20 coaches and sack all them, doesn\u2019t mean it was the wrong choice sacking them if the initial appointments were incorrect in the first place.\n\nHell if we appointed Brendan Rodgers in the summer and we were 9th give him time and investment like the others with a clear vision,  but I am not sure what credentials Ole has to show he can turn it around?\n\nAnd for the love of god stop banging on about youth and attacking football. We can even beat Sheffield Utd or Villa.
Thanks for your post. As Ole always said, the road will be bumpy. If people wants glory here and now, please reset your mind by hypnosis and go to Anfield.
[deleted]
Copypasta
Is united the only club that has suffered with injuries this season? Quite a few clubs above us have been beset with their own injury crises. You're missing the point here, and its the one concerning how clueless our players look. Its been the same with a clean bill of health for the squad. We've won 4 of our last 10 league games and McTominay played the majority of those games. Solksjaer is clueless at this level. Cardiff players said it when he left them 17th in the fucking championship
Fully agree with this, he\u2019s like that ex we miss until we remember just how toxic they got towards the end.
Not surprising when he spent 2 years trying to get Maguire and wasn't allowed him. Ed tried to pin every problem on him.\n\nMaybe online people were but those of us that go every week never lost our support from Jose.
That 2nd place finish sticks out like a sore thumb in the sea of 5-6th place finishes since SAF left. I think after that pathetic summer, where we signed Dalot fred and grant, Jose mentally signed out as he knew we were nowhere near the top 3-4 teams.
Jose himself lol
i'm sorry, throwing your own players under the bus publicly is never acceptable in any situation or in any profession. When things go sour at Spurs as they will (and old dogs don't learn new tricks), we will come back to the realization that we were glad to see the back of Mou.
He has 0 credential for DoF, this is as dumb as making him the manager
Well said.
How did he make winks better, or sissoko better, or chadli or Alli? Answers those then you\u2019ll have your answer. He\u2019s a world class developer of talent AND I trust him more to replace them with quality than I do Ole
Answer the question what is poch going to do improve Pereira ?
He plays garner.
Garner looked less assured vs Astana than levitt.We saw Williams make young player mistakes at times its tough spot to put garner in his first PL start.
Yeah, it\u2019s frustrating when the only things people use to defend him are, as you said, off the field\u2014things that, in truth, shouldn\u2019t entirely be up to the manager anyway. There were signs for a bit of progress on the pitch but those have all fallen away months ago. I remember all the talk of high pressing in the summer. We tried it for what, 2 games? Completely abandoned now and that says so much.
Not just that, there\u2019s a pattern of underperformance across the board. Bogey games happen, but when all your games have become bogey games, something is wrong, and it can\u2019t just be the players.
Yeah, this is not a slump or a rough patch. This is our baseline. Any wins we manage are an exception to our dreadfulness, not the norm. Basically, everyone should expect to get something against us and any team that loses to us can be disappointed.
[deleted]
Sorry forgot about him, but I'm sure Slabhead was up there in terms of defensive stats.
It\u2019s was a team of U23\u2019s in a meaningless game but this sub wouldn\u2019t have been happy unless they won the champions league
It was a game that OGS did not set out to win.
People keep saying we should be beating the likes of Newcastle but city are dropping points against them too with a better midfield, deeper more talent bench, and a better manager.
To drop points is one thing. But to win 4 games out of 14 is not acceptable even for a mid table club
All teams drop points.  Liverpool even dropped points to the 9th place team!\n\nBut look at their results and performances over the whole season, and City and Chelsea have been much much better than we have.  Hell Arsenal is a point better and their team downed tools on their manager.
[deleted]
As long as we dont have to see pereira again, im happy.
He did make them look better at the start of his premiership. But the honeymoon period was soon over after the PSG match. I do think he is out of his depth and nostalgia is keeping him in a job.
Yeah because he used the new manager bounce well and played a high tempo football that was never physically viable in the mid to long term. It's no coincidence our form went to absolute shit afterwards
I disagree. Most of that Spurs squad would waltz in to United's starting XI
[deleted]
Yeah but what else can we do? what I really wanted was a change in ownership,but I don't think tha's gonna happen,so the only alternative U see i changing the mananger
> We played well in the 2nd half\n\nLol, yeah, we played so well, we couldn't even finish off a game against a relegation tier side... you fuck off with this bullshit. We're Manchester United, we need to do better than that.
Ah yes, the typical Whataboutism.\n\nBecause Ole wasn't the one who said he's happy with our squad or signed off on letting Fellaini go and not replacing Herrera either. And even so, a good manager would do better with our squad. Mourinho would do better with this squad, he got fired for less shit form...
Does people actually think it\u2019s Ole\u2019s fault that we didn\u2019t replace Herrera. Woodwar is completely incompetent at his job. Ole cant say hes unhappy with the squad. That will ruin the teams confidence.
Maybe not but I don\u2019t think we would be doing significantly better with any other manager.
Yeap and lets be pathetic.
I just don\u2019t see any point in being pessimistic. It does no good it\u2019s just gonna make you miserable as a fan, hence why I strive to look on the bright side despite a 2-2 draw at home with a newly promoted team.
Completely agree. Football shouldn't make or break your day.
Midfield dude midfield
Man Utd is a poisoned chalice. No manager after SAF has recovered after getting fired from MU. Jose is trying but even he couldn\u2019t get any top club to sign him, so he ended up at Spurs. Any top level manager is risking his entire career taking on this job. The club structure has seriously fallen behind other top clubs, and it takes a successful organization to compete these days. \n\nSo it\u2019s doubtful any self respecting manager will be willing to take on this project in mid-year, and will prob wait until the start of next season to make wholesale changes to the squad. At that point, you have to wonder if it\u2019s better to let the Ole experiment run it\u2019s course of 2-3 years.
Ok but who would you get? Poch is not giving up 12.5 M to play out this season, and if I was a top manager I wouldn't want to cobble together a plan halfway through a season and get off to a bad start either. If there's a top guy we want who wants to start now, then yeah get them now.\n\nThe point is I dont think that's the case, so better to have a small amount of stability, happy players, which is what Ole can give us, then blow it up now, just to blow it up again in the summer.
> It was fucking Woodward that didn't want to get Bruno in the Summer\n\nAbsolutely zero proof of that. In fact, Ole has said several times he has all say on transfers in the end.
So?
So, it makes sense that it is more frustrating when a veteran with tons of experience makes that kind of mistake.
So williams will learn.Inexperience's the risk you take while playing youth
Well said fellow muppetier. Feel like shit, just want r/muppetiers back.
Did almost nothing else.
Did I say he was sir alex? No I didn\u2019t. What I said was we need to give a manager some time to find his rhythm and get it going. If we don\u2019t give any manager enough time to work on his poor results how are we any different from any other struggling club? United is loyalty and we should stick by our players and managers, regardless of the result.
We can give a manager more time. A more competent manager who has a proven track record like Liverpool did with Klopp. Ole has nothing to show he is capable of handling this job. \n\n> United is loyalty and we should stick by our players and managers, regardless of the result.\n\nLol this has to be a joke.
Remind me how many trophies won at spurs?
You must be blind if you can't appreciate what he did at Spurs.
Did you even read his comment after the first two sentences.
Yes the rest was just as much bullshit. We are currently struggling to finish in top 10 and he doesnt think we will be lower than 7th.
Yeah because he's smiling as he captains the ship right into the iceberg. Maybe he can appear tethered to reality for a little while, maybe he could show some actual fight instead of looking like what he is: a well-paid PR shield for Woodward/Glazers while they continue to cash dividend checks.
So Solskaer should try to be more like Mourinho, right? Bringing the mood down by sulking and refusing to answer questions, and throwing his toys out of the pram at the hint of any criticism?
A grip? Yeah I would have taken that comment maybe 2 years ago. Not now.
This is a actually very very true. Lvg struggled with that. Mou as well. Esp in his first season with all those draws.
Yeah true I was a bit optimistic
The Molde team has been built by Ole
To Disney World
No, the idea is keep Ole till City, we have a slightly easier run of games after that which might allow the new manager an easier start.
A preseason friendly and a game where we got absolutely battered, and it was a miracle we didn\u2019t concede 5?\n\nYou\u2019re right, Poch is shite and Ole is world class. Mug.
And why exactly should one give rebuilding responsibility to a man who has no prior experience in doing the same? A novice? A man who has already relegated a premier league team? \nI don't seem to understand that. \nAll those saying olein I respect that but few of them even call those who want ole out for logical reasons a plastic. That's uncalled for.
Okay then do you think any other manager who comes in and tries to properly rebuild is going to do much better? \n\nIf you want instant results you buy and get Mourinho. If you want longevity and a solid spine, culture, play style. You get mid table for a couple of seasons. \n\nEducate me, and tell me of the managers you already have in your head who would actually rebuild the squad AND guarantee top 4.
It is possible to 'rebuild' while also playing good football.  Chelsea is doing it right now.  Poch did it at Spurs, when he inherited an even worse team than we are now.  \n\nOle isn't the only problem, but he is a problem because he's a shit manager.
Highest wage bill in PL and we can\u2019t put 3 past against a newly promoted side.
If you're not able tobeat villa fuck off.
Wr don't need miracle workers. Any manager who isn't utter shite would be an improvement.
Can they all perform voodoo and get us a healthy midfield back though?
Ideally, both should be going at the same time.
So? Are you suggesting that players can't play weekend match if they played in midweek?
Two days rest is pushing it,  maybe if it was a Wed match.
Am beyond checked out mate, just watching highlights and goals. Christmas season and a three year old and six month old at the house, have better things than putting myself through this
At this point I can't imagine Levitt/Garner being worse.
Well you have to imagine harder then.  They could not even defend against Astana\u2019s midfield.
He didn't want to stay. Move on
Sure, but in the off chance they actually get their lazy backsides into the box, they fluff waaaaay too many chances.
Our defense will ship 5
Masochism
Woodward secretly gets turned on by all of this
[deleted]
I used to think the same but is Ole the right man to give that patience to? Everything is a bit incoherent at the moment. I'm not seeing much progress or signs that sticking with him will pay off
Better to see where this ends up than chop and change mid season
And let Pochettino get poached by a different club? It\u2019d be different if I didn\u2019t think we were in for him or he wasn\u2019t available but I think he\u2019s the right choice, and he\u2019s free right now. If we don\u2019t act soon he\u2019ll get poached by someone else
We already knows where this ends. To look at our performances and think we're improving is delusional
This isn't the finished picture of what OGS wants. We've been a little blighted with injuries and have got next to no midfield. He's trying to build towards something so we should at least give him this season/1 more transfer window.\n\nI'm not saying that I think he's doing a good job, but I think it's lack of quality and depth that's causing most of our issues. That's something Ole has inherited and he isn't going to solve that in just 1 year. No manager could.
I'm interested in seeing what he can do with Pogba back, which is why I want him to stay until January. But even without Pogba what I've seen isn't inspiring much confidence at all. I think he's out of his depth and isn't the right man for the job, but I hope he proves me wrong
>Even with a new manager \n\nYou mean their temporary interim manager who likely won't change shit? What can you tell me about what Rodgers did with Puel's mess? Seriously, the mental gymnastics you people go through to excuse Ole's incompetence is ridiculous.
Well somehow people just believe poch could do that for whatever reason, and within a rather short timeframe too.
I don't care about trophies right now mate.
Ok... so why do you think Poch could do better with THIS squad
I know but atleast Martial could have made the run in the Centre of CBs. Martial was constantly just lurking on the edge of the penalty box. I think Mason Greenwood did a much better when he scored last week by getting between the two CBs of Sheffield.
Martial should have scored instead on that missed chip shot. If we can keep adding pieces we should be in a much better place next season. It\u2019s painful to admit but unfortunately the truth.
 Last week after Sheffield game I had a long argument with someone about how Ole is our best choice and Poch is not but slowly my opinion is changing. I think it may be that I'm FRUSTRATED with the bullshit performances. The way Sheffield toyed with us in the 1st half was absolutely embarrassing to see. That's the reason why I'm feeling frustrated from Ole and literally for the whole team
he won back to back league titles with Molde
Fergie won the uefa cup vs madrid
People don't talk about this enough, why on earth did we end up paying a manager with 0 credentials who would have bent over backwards for the job in the first place as much as Klopp was on at the time?
 i didn't know about this. clearly these people need to take a Negotiations 101 class.
Rogers as a manager ofcourse.
Rodgers never managed him.
We spent 130 fucking millions in the summer to strengthen our defend and we couldn't fucking defend our lead for atleast a fucking minute.\n\nThey should've won the game 3-2 anyways. VAR ruined the game for Villa.
I\u2019m good thanks
I fully understand that this whole problem is the boards fault and not Ole\u2019s at all. That being said the man is completely inexperienced at coaching at the top level and it shows. He is way out of his depth and the results show it. Yes we don\u2019t have a great squad but let\u2019s just look at our last four result in the Premier League as an example (albeit a small sample size). 1 win, 2 draws and 1 loss. That one win was against a newly promoted side which we should be beating anyway. The 2 draws have came against the other two newly promoted sides, in both of these games we\u2019ve lost the lead early on, had to claw our way back and then still choke and end up with a draw. And don\u2019t even get me started in the Bournemouth game. The fact that Ole is smiling after we have drawn to these sides just shows to me that he\u2019s happy with a draw which isn\u2019t the right message to sent to our players. If we want to build a winning mentality and a new culture at the club then this isn\u2019t the way to do it. We need a proven manager who has the experience to take us where we want to be. I\u2019m sorry but Ole isn\u2019t the man for that job regardless of whether he is a club legend or not.
Our current mid-field is championship quality at best, bar Pogba. Neither Fred or Pereira could make the team sheet for the newly promoted clubs, Aston Villa and Sheffield. No wonder we lost the midfield battle in both games. Scotty is an upcoming player fit for a loan spell at a mid-table team like Newcastle or Norwich. Matic is finished at the top level, Mata is good only for cameos. Lingard, like it or not, is the best player in this lot even though he is super inconsistent to be relied upon.\n\nWe need at least 3 new, first team ready, mid-field players to replace Herrera, Matic, and big fella. Once those holes are plugged, any manager can execute on their game plan, be it Ole or Poch.
Yeah, completely agree. I honestly think this is the main reason we\u2019re losing games or drawing and not winning - our pressure is non-existing almost because of the lack of a decent midfield. \n\nSure we could defend better, but the problem is that in a 90+ min game if the opponents can just keep control of the midfield we will eventually let in 1-2 goals. Our defense is solid, Lindel\u00f6f and Maguire are really good, but they aren\u2019t good enough for these sort of games when we just have no control and keep getting attacked on. \n\nDunno if I put that right but hope you know what I mean.
I would love to see Ole do well and I can some improvement in play. But unfortunately time is not on his side and a club like United simply cannot afford such dismal results at this stage of the season. \n\nIf he doesn\u2019t turn it around against Spurs and City I\u2019m afraid he needs to go.
Yeah I agree. He had time to put us in the top 4 with Arsenal / Chelsea even Spurs re-building and struggling. Honestly i\u2019m just afraid no decent manager wants to take over while we have the players that we have.. honestly I just hope we open up the coffers and get a really good manager who can go on a spending-spree during the next transfer window.
If we hire Allegri, i will probably need to take a break from watching football.
Id only take allegri if we had a director
I am not undermining Greenwood. But throwing him in at that point of time subbing off Martial, I don\u2019t know. I never saw Greenwood inside the box, he always was providing crosses and as a matter of fact, everyone was doing that but no one was at the end of it. \n\nJust frustrated with the entire match and the entire management, you know.
I don't really see the injustices justifying drawing with Villa at home though. The problems weren't entirety due to midfield, the goals were down to weak defending by Pereira and appalling defensive organisation. In attack we suffered mainly from lack of penetration and players not gambling to get on the end of balls.
I broke down last month. This team has made me hate this game and I think I'm just looking for an outlet to vent at and these lot are doing a terrific job at giving me reasons.\n\n\nAs kids we both hated each other but we were the only United fans in school. \n\n\nOur mutual liking for United made us mates and we've been in touch ever since, even during our time in uni when we moved to different ones. Ever since he got diagnosed we've tried to go to games in London and had a lot of great memories: Shweinis winner at Watford (it's London for us) , us shothousing our way to a victory against arsenal with DDG playing God. Even our disastrous 3-0 at arsenal where we conceded 3 in 15 managed to make us laugh at something.\n\n\nBut now, with the end so close in sight and all hope of watching a United resurgence crushed, I can't help but feel hurt and disgusted with what's happened to my club but more so the fact that this will be the United my mate watches last.\n\n\nReally sorry for the rant. Thanks for your comments x
 Stay strong my man. Really hope we do well against Spurs for your friend's sake.
Agreed. But I mean on paper, they are our top 4 rivals, not in reality though
Go support Liverpool or City mate.
I'd rather support Ole FC, like you
Yup to all of your points.\n\nBut this sub, twitter, facebook and the internet in general is full of glory hunting plastic fans.\n\nWe were crying for some creativity and backup in the summer and the board let us down..again. Couple of injuries and we are fucked.
Might only be Aston Villa but they have 15 points  - 5 points away from joint 5th place. Apart from the front runners the league is wide open.\n\nThere is  no one who connects the midfield to attack. Our front 3 sit about for the majority of the game then come to life at the end of the game but there is clearly a cog missing. Mata can't play it, we need someone to collect the ball - who likes possession - who drags the defenders away from our danger men.\n\nUnited should have at least another goal or two today.. Martial with the chip was the biggest mess up. Ole didn't tell him to chip that ball, no other manager could have helped.
Deluded.
Comprehensive rebuttal.
Clueless? What has he done with spurs in these past few seasons? A champions league final? Not saying ole is the best, just saying poch isnt the answer
Might be better but he isnt fixing this, we cant keep jumping to different mangers because they are a bit better and have just been sacked
So we should just continue to languish? We've progressively gotten worse under Ole...\n\nWe sacked Moyes because we were awful\nWe sacked VanGaal because he was boring\nWe sacked Mourinho because he fell out with players and the board.\n\nSay what you want about them but at least they had some semblance of a game plan (Moyes maybe not). With OGS I don't see any positive in keeping him now. He's not improving any players, his tactics have been nonexistent and even his \"philosophy\" of fast counter attacking football has completely disappeared.\n\nI don't care if he smiles and makes the players feel nice and happy, he's totally out of his depth as a manager and should not have been signed on as full-time manager. Best we can do right now is cut our losses before he damages the club any further.
Champions league 'finalists', cant remember the last time he won a trophy. I agree with you i'm not ole in or ole out I am stating that whilst ole might not the ideal manager and maybe we should/shouldn't sack him but if we do then jumping straight to poch because hes an available manager is not fixing this mess
He definitely wouldn't fix it completely. We still nee old a DOF to handle transfers and instill the right philosophy. That being said Poch would certainly be doing way better than Ole currently is.
I am asking that if we fire Ol\u00e9 and get Poch for the job. Would he be able to manage us the rest of this season?
Combine Ole's personality and mentality with Mourinho's genius, and you get the right manager.
It's my coping mechanism.
Guess sarcasm is difficult across text. It's the only way I have left to deal with the stress from this perpetual mediocrity.
My mistake. It\u2019s just that lots of idiots actually thinks like this lol so I didn\u2019t think twice.
True. Just want him out in anyway
He was terrible mate. Our striker wasn\u2019t great but James added nothing today and gave the ball away a ton
People like you give managers way too much credit. All in all, its on the players. This united squad simply isnt good enough, thats it.
Ah yes, it was purely down the the players that we collapsed post Sir Alex. It was entirely down to the players that when Pep arrived City went from top 4 battlers to a record breaking great side. It's all down to the players that under Klopp Liverpool went from a club in the Europa League places to winning the Champions League. I guess the whole of football is wrong, the manager isn't that important, because this guy says that managers are given too much credit.
These fans are sheep bred by Ed Woodward, they were sold by Ed \"will are building for future\" bullshit fantasy.\n\n6 years of rebuilding and yet team is still young and need to stay positive. Lingard used to be a young 21 years old too you, Januzai 18 years used to have even much higher potential than Chong.
Who can I contact so that me and my neighbor can sign up and play for Manchester United? We are shit at football but we also never give up easily.
Perhaps a psychologist that can evaluate and help you out of the deep crisis you feel inside that makes you feel the urge to write stupid stuff on the internet at 01:22 am.
This. Ole should be the man at yhe job just because he cares
[deleted]
So why Ole? Why not someone with a better record?
Don't even think molde will come in for him since they won the title without him or whatever
Back when Milan were a top top club.
Not really they hadn't won the title for 7 years  when Allegri won it.
Because our 10s don't contribute anything whatsoever. Matic won't improve us because he's too slow. Fred and Andreas would benefit because there'd be someone there to cover every time Andreas lost the ball.\n\n Greenwood wasn't a regular but he stepped up, what's to say Garner won't.
>Because our 10s don't contribute anything whatsoever. \n\nYes they do. \n\n\n>Matic won't improve us because he's too slow.\n\nHow on earth are you sitting there saying having a proper dm, when we're got no midfielder won't help. The game isn't all about pace.\n\n> Fred and Andreas would benefit because there'd be someone there to cover every time Andreas lost the ball.\n\nContradiction\n\n\n>Greenwood wasn't a regular but he stepped up, what's to say Garner won't.\n\nGreenwood has been in squad a lot longer than garner, greenwood doesn't start. Garner would have to start.
He could have played James Garner ffs. It's not that big a deal when you're handing out starts willy nilly to wastes of space like Lingard and Mata.
Kid played thursday and you want to throw him in here?
Martial is such a threat and yet he misses sitters and is as lazy as Berbatov and lacks the skill and intelligence of him. Rashford is better than Martial imo but his best position is in the wing and he\u2019s not good enough with genuinely poor movement and finishing. Neither of them should be playing for us but this January one of them needs to be shown the bench or door
I am not sure whether it is him being lazy, I saw him asking the ball when he made runs and ot just wasn't provided to him.
The midfield is too slow moving the ball,was at the game today, the amount of times that Rashford and Martial was getting frustrated with the lack of service they was getting
Fine, but the point still stands
Agree with you I want him gone. How fans can stand up for this is well beyond me. Question what games they've been watching
Yeh I don't disagree, but maybe the reality is that this is the level of the team of the field. Surely you can only beat what's infront of you and tonight we couldn't beat Villa.
33 seems like an interesting number doesn't it? Could it be that before this point we were consistently winning?
Dude you can\u2019t spin that. It\u2019s fucking grim and you know it.
No. This is since he was made permanent manager. It's a decent cutoff. And there's no way to defend that absolutely atrocious record. It points to a manager hopelessly out of his depth. Brendan Rodgers took over a Leicester short of Maguire and they're rollicking away in the second place. A good manager makes his team play well, not make them play absolute horseshit week in week out with empty promises of passion and courage.
Why?
[deleted]
\ud83e\udd26\ud83c\udfff\u200d\u2642\ufe0f
Seeing Lampard do well with Chelsea actually makes me depressed but oh my lord they are playing such juicy attractive football, with \u2018youth\u2019 too mind you
Those are fucking PR comments he is often compelled to make because he has to answer for Woodward's incompetence in acquiring transfer targets. It's not like Woodward lined up Sancho, Havertz, Mbappe, Kane, De Ligt and Felix, and then asked Ole to choose. Woodward couldn't even get one of those for Christ's sake.
I am more inclined to agree with you man. If Ole comes out and says \"WOODWARD IS SHITE IM PLAYING WITH SHITE\", then thats not productive at all. lol \n\nThere's no positivity in this sub
[deleted]
Not his first 34, what did Ole do in the last 24 games that Poch was in charge?\n\nIll give you a clue, its worse than Poch, with 1 less UCL final too.
[deleted]
Shaw needs to be eased in while we're trying to win a game AT HOME? Are you taking the piss?\n\n> With the amount of injuries this squad has had he might be cautious using all subs early.\n\nThis is your excuse to try and justify his utterly embarrassing game management?
[deleted]
Man has refused to sign Bruno Fernandes. Sold lukaku to promote a fuckin kid who hasnt made a single big impact. Happily sold herrera without single replacement yet again to promote youth who only gets game time when the game doesnt matter that much
He had a transfer window, he opted not to buy anyone. That excuse worked for the shite march-may but not anymore.
He doesn\u2019t write the checks.
It would be great, but what would guarantee he\u2019d be given any more power than what history shows he\u2019ll be given. Manchester United might not be winning anything, but we\u2019re still one of the richest clubs in the world, earning ridiculous money. From a business perspective, Glazers are doing great. Slowly suffocating the club, but making a killing doing it. Why would Poch be given special treatment?
Just like Moyes was shit, just like Van Gaal was shit, just like Mourinho was shit. Yeah okay blame Ole, did you watch the game?
Yes, I watch every united game. It was a shambles, and those managers before him were better, even Moyes (not for United obviously but Moyes had an actual decent record in the PL before his appointment). Solskjaer is out of his depth at this level
We\u2019re ninth. Martial tried to chip the keeper from 2 yards, no one on the end of James\u2019 crosses, Fred taking pointless shots (missed badly after the final whistle even), Only scored one proper goal (relying on Lindelof). What else do you need? This obviously isn\u2019t just a management problem, Moyes, Van Gaal, and Mourinho all tried and failed. Be realistic.
Who was better in the role? Jones? Smalling? Who?
Here comes the Poch train. He never won shit for Spurs. You\u2019re nuts.
Dream on. If anyone got on against any one of his crosses, we may actually win something.
When everyone of his crosses isn't finding anyone its his problem. He is playing awfully and if it was Rashford with his form, he'd be getting hammered
I was downvoted for stating the same thing. Hope you won't be.
We can seemly only be good at one thing at a time. We either sit deep, barely concede, barely score or we push forward with reckless abandon, concede lots and score a fair few. Zero balance.
\nMourinho will be going for the kill. The man lives for revenge and negativity.
Except Jose is smart enough to sit back when he knows we can't do shit against parked bus.
Why? He had terrible year, never won anything. Why do people think he would be any better?
He had spurs in title challenges and CL finals - he also has a superior attacking system. Is it even a real question to think Ole = Poch? Poch is the far superior and PL proven manager. He had them punching well above their weight for years.
Well he's managed 3 separate clubs and won absolutely zero. Why do we think he would light the world on fire at United.
Are we going to ignore the clubs he has managed?
I\u2019d rather win absolutely zero and be in a Champions League final, than win absolutely zero and struggle to beat teams in Europa/midtable.
I agree with Ten Hag, but I am afraid he will end up in Barca. Same with Marsch from Salzburg. Both great picks, but I don't really think they are available (at least not to us).
Yeah agree. Ten hag would not be likely yeah. I think Wilder Favre Nuno Pochetinonand Jardim are my topchoices
Also Wilder
Also Favre
It\u2019s not about the squad as a whole. Midfield connects everything and I genuinely can\u2019t believe Fred and Pereira are starting for us. It\u2019s insanity.
We had Djemba-Djemba in midfield when Ronaldo was at the club and we won titles...\n\nOle failed to buy players to back-up in case of injuries and such. He has failed to plan. His tactics are obvious and there is no significant improvement week on week.
Which is why I said best interests. If Ole truly loves the club and wants what\u2019s best for it, he should step down because he\u2019s obviously not the right person to bring this team forward. \n\nAnd lol I\u2019m sure NOBODY thought that Ole used to manage Arsenal or Chelsea instead of Molde.
Ole's a one trick pony. He knows how to set up against teams that press high and enjoy possession. If I'm correct, we've only lost against Arsenal amongst the top 6 with Ole and even that was due to De Gea's mistakes. He'll get through those games and then again keep trying his inept tactics against bottom sides which never work.
I see united losing both games this time round.
Nightmare for that particular dude because he wants to see us lose to prove whatever points he is making.
I agree with you.
Sarcasm. We went into the Liverpool game this season in absolute shit form and that was everyone's predictions.
Yes, but this season it was a 1-1 no?
He's said he put Manchester United above everything else including himself, so you'd hope that wouldn't be the problem.
I didn't say they are worse than us. Just not a typical Spurs side we've come to know the last couple of years
Well for now the board still hide behind managers for the club failures.\nLast year people call for Jose head. This year, Ole out of depth bla bla..\nEd didn't give Ole any midfielders this transfer window, no magician can win games with Fred Perreira and Mata/Lingard as midfielders. We need more back ups.
Ok
I'm not slating Williams. I'm here for those who thought he could do no wrong.
[deleted]
Don\u2019t confuse PR/diplomatic expressions with real thinking.  If Woodward told him he had only 100m to spend and that was all spent already, what can he say?
Ole won with Molde?
Not really comparable with SAF winning the league with Aberdeen and then the cup winners cup, beating Real Madrid in the final.
[removed]
Moyes, lvg and Jose did not turn out to be SAF either. Let\u2019s keep sacking until we find the miracle bringer?
>Moyes, lvg and Jose did not turn out to be SAF either\n\nProbably because SAF is the greatest manager of all time. It's like keeping every youth player till he is 22 because maybe he turns out like Ronaldo.
Why SAF could not win the league right after he came to United then?
right, i forgot about that lol. cheers!
Do you think Poch would come in a week though? He probably needs more time to freshen up. And what would we do then, bring in a caretaker? Don't really see the value in it.
Let's say by sacked I mean done, negotiations have to start at that point.
Then where is the courage we were promised?\n\nHe said thos was a youth project.\n\nIf we are writing a year off atleast develop.the youth.
There is a difference between courage and suicide.  Putting Garner to start in EPL matches together with either Fred or Andreas is suicidal.  Giving the youths chances does not mean giving all the chances to the youth.  Besides, Andreas is part of that youth too.
Defensive organization isnt as bad as a 20% win rate mate
Couldn\u2019t finish what? What chances other than Martials that was a scramble in the box did we have? \n\nHow many times did James put a ball across 6 yard box and we had no-one anywhere near.
Rashford\u2019s header?
I mean mathematically, this team would be lucky to finish in top4.... with such clowns incharge.
Losing 3-1 to the eventual UCL winners and a team that finished with over 95 points on the season with this Man U squad isn\u2019t actually that bad. Obviously you would prefer to do better, but the gap in quality between the squads is enormous. Losing 3-1 to Fulham or Aston Villa is a bad result. Losing 3-1 to last year\u2019s Liverpool is... predictable
It wasn't the scoreline that particularly bothered me (as much as it obviously did bother me), it was the fact that they battered us relentlessly for 90mins. 36 shots in 90mins is never acceptable against anyone. If we did had that many against a non-league side it would be surprising.
Yeah, some performances, but he never had such an awful run as we have now.
Was he ever forced to play a midfield of Fred, Pereira and Mata?
I can see the difference. Mou even in his worst run still had a game plan you could see. Ole just looks clueless. Also yeah, I'd rather we get battered now and rip off the bandaid instead of staying in this crap for another half season...
Well it would have made sense if he was able to improve our attack. Obviously it's not happening, but people thinking that originally can't be faulted.
Would you say the same about a striker that instinctively knows where the goal is and doesn\u2019t look up? Looking at where to place a cross is of less importance for a speedy winger like James\u2014you beat your man and play it into a dangerous area. It\u2019s then up to your teammates to anticipate where the cross will go and get on the end of it. Look at Valencia when he played right wing.\n\nJames put in at least two very good crosses that I can remember today and about a half dozen against Brighton, and left with both games with 0 assists. That\u2019s down to his colleagues imo.\n\nBut at the same it\u2019s not unexpected considering it\u2019s their first season playing together. Hopefully this is something Ole and his team recognise and remedy, because it\u2019s definitely an avenue for more goals that we\u2019re really yet to take proper advantage of.
Sir Matt would like a word..
Never heard of Matt Busby?
I don't get this kind of reasoning, you want us to continue playing dire football with shit results just so you don't have to see an ex-Liverpool associate at the sidelines?
Who cares? He would be fully focused on winning with united. Where he was before makes no difference
How on Earth are Dalot and Fosu-Mensah gonna have any impact on our performances?
Isn't the lack of depth in our squad obvious?\n\nDalot is decent alternative off the bench to AWB, especially when we are chasing a game. TFM can be a solid rotation option and help us to *not* run our paper-thin midfield into the ground. TFM can give us the same performance's Fred has had *at least*, and with Dalot is decent going forward and can put in good crosses. Chucking in 17/18/19 year olds who have only played a handful of senior football in their entire lives isn't the way to get us into to top four. They deserve a chance but they have to be eased in, not thrown into the deep end. TFM and Dalot are both solid rotation options that can help us keep our squad well rotated.
Yet still somehow fucked it up by giving them unfathomable wages
You speak the truth. It's quite divisive at the moment. \n\nGood win and those who still have faith in the Ole regime voice their opinions, with the doubters lurking in the shadows. \n\nBad performance like today, and those who have lost faith (or never had it) voice their opinions, and the Ole faithful lurk in the shadows. \n\nIt is now entirely predictable and with little nuance. You know exactly what to expect after either result because things have got so heated. And it's understandable, we all love the club and it hurts.\n\nYou did not deserve downvotes for a simple observation.
Right?  Maguire aint a sprinter either
I hope scott comes back soon.atleast he will be of some help in winning headers..\n\nHowever tottenham's defence is leaky as hell
How would you set up a team then? I am curious to know?
433 with Fred deep center. Lingard and pereira on pushing up. Better press than using mata. \n\n4231 with tuanzebe in pereiras spot is also a better option. Especially since he you know... played for villa and knows their attack patterns. \n\nIt\u2019s Aston villa, setting up a system that gives them space to get deep on that side is a mistake.\n\nThe 4231 with pereira is about the worse possible set up. It invites pressure into the side as we saw the whole first half til Fred moved over to help all game.\n\n433 with greenwood and lingard would be better even.
He is injured
Is he? There ain't a lot of news out there about it. [Here](https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/man-utd-pogba-mctominay-injury-17335745) says he's back in training but Ole just isn't considering him.
Yeah, the Ole in crowd say on one hand \u201cgetting a new manager won\u2019t change a thing, we need to give him time\u201d while also claiming that a couple new centre mids will make us into 2008-12 Spain.
People said the same about Liverpool before Klopp came. He basically single handedly turned that club around, got the board on side, implemented a consistent style of football (which you could see from day one). The manager can make a HUGE difference.\n\nI do take your point though, it\u2019s clearly multiple issues, but we can\u2019t underestimate the importance of proceeding with the right man at the helm. We need to stop the Ole rebuild before it\u2019s too far gone and start fresh while we are only 1 transfer window down.
It wasn\u2019t just the switch of a flick with klopp coming in and changing everything at Liverpool man. \n\nKlopp was a huge piece in the puzzle but that club was setting the foundation even before klopp came. Rodgers was a Gerrard slip away from winning the title. That club is a proper football club now. \n\nI don\u2019t think klopp could just come here and achieve the same results the way our club seems to run. (That\u2019s probably why he rejected us) \n\nWith giving Ole time it seems our club might be changing but we are so far off the top that it might be too late. \n\nEither way, we must accept the present will be SHIT no matter who is managing the club, and the club ideally should make a decision for the long term and nothing else.\n\nIf that means sacking ole and getting Poch, or not sacking ole and giving time - either way, I hope the club takes the long term into consideration and spends as much as they can to fix this shit.
> Lindelof isn\u2019t good enough for the PL and that\u2019s only 8 players man, that\u2019s not even close to good enough if you want to be competitive.\n\nHe hasn't exactly been in a run of good form but he showed himself to be more than decent last season, so i'll disagree with this. I think in a defense less exposed due to awful coaching and a terrible defensive midfield he'll do fine. \n\n>You can see how poor we become when just a couple get injured. Martial gets injured, we have no depth behind him and form instantly drops off\n\nYes, we really shouldn't have let Lukaku leave without signing a replacement. Ole and Woodward both signed off on that and both need to go. \n\nI don't agree that this squad isn't good enough. It is ABSOLUTELY good enough to beat Palace at home with everyone fit. It's good enough to beat Newcastle and it is good enough to beat fucking Rochdale. It is not good enough to contend with the likes of City and Liverpool. I can even accept it not being good enough to be comfortable 3rd and 4th. But we're nowhere near as bad as Ole has us looking right now. \n\n> Look how slow our transitions were today, it\u2019s because we have no midfielders without Scotty or Paul that can move the ball quickly between the lines.\n\nWe lost to Palace, drew to Southampton, drew to Wolves with them fit lmao. We look like we do and we have no idea of what to do in the final third because that shit ain't being coached right on the training ground. \n\n>Sure, we can sack Ole I\u2019m not opposed but it\u2019s not going to solve anything.\n\nAbsolutely no proof Ole is the right man to lead us anywhere, he got Cardiff relegated and struggled with them in the Championship. He's been woeful for us aside from his first 15 or so games in charge after which we have only regressed. A better manager would absolutely get more out of this group of players and a better manager is available atm in Poch.
lol. Mourinho won\u2019t come at Old Trafford with a high line when he knows Man UTD simply cannot breakdown low blocks. I\u2019m expecting an absolute battering from Spurs
And cups his ears like he did vs Juve
Lmao state of this sub. Wonder how Sir Alex\u2019s first few seasons would have went down here.
Times changed. We are one of the biggest club in the world right now. Sir Alex was inheriting a club that was not on the level of Liverpool success-wise and was actually a top 6 clubs that won the league 20 years ago when he took over. SAF made us the giant we are today, and we\u2019re reaping the rewards of the great man work but for how long now? We won the league not even a decade ago and are considered as one of the biggest club in the world no matter how you put it. \n\nGet over it already with this argument because it is irrelevant and in different era. Stop trying to cherrypick SAF early years with us as compared to Ole being an incompetent manager for a year now.\n\nEdit: SAF in his early years was eerily similar to what you call Klopp early years for the dippers. Improvements after improvements were shown going forward but were always a suspect at the back until we signed pallister and bruce. So yeah if you want to compare the modern manager to SAF, Klopp is the guy you should compare him with since Klopp worst season in the dippers when they actually finished 7 was amazing going forward but lack the midfield and the defence and he improved them in only 1 transfer windows to turn them into a top 4 teams. So yeah your point is irrelavant and you can go fuck yourself you story telling piece of shit
I agree that Ole might not the man for the job anymore. But wanting your team to lose a game, especially vs a team like Tottenham, just to make sure he gets the sack is just disgraceful.\n\nThe season is not over. Even if we are performing worse than this time las season so are the other top 4/6 contenders. We're fewer points off top four now than we were when Ole took over. And he almost got us there.\n\nIf there is some actual quality left in this team and if they are in fact underperforming because of Ole, imagine what a better manager could do with the rest of the season.\n\nJust don't fucking hope for your team to lose. That's just trashy.
Well last season ive seen some fans around here and even seasonal ticket fans that actually wished for Jose to lose against the dippers so that we can sack him. \n\nLook, you can call me a trash or whatever you feel that is right for me but this season is already a write off and one more loss wont hurt anymore. Its better to lose now than winning against the Spurs and continue with the worst manager in our history going forward.
Definitely, would\u2019ve heard them. \n\nI don\u2019t go to many games but I wouldn\u2019t say he\u2019s lost the fans yet but people are getting frustrated and it\u2019s only going to get worse if results don\u2019t improve.
Well it's also about the players because they haven't been performing.
Lol Gary Neville was saying pretty much this on twitter, saying he needs 3-4 transfer windows. It's just pathetic.
Or the front door
Just wait till ole has a fully healthy squad\n\nSeriously, I can see why most want him gone but **personally** i am waiting for him to get our full strength squad. If we continue to underperform with a healthy squad then i will ready my pitchfork.
lol the way their organizations are set up we\u2019ll be waiting for a couple decades
He'll just be back at Molde, at his level
The other day, I saw a Rosenberg fan say he wants Ole back at Molde because they're doing quite well without him. I must admit I don't watch the Norwegian league to say more.
Doubt they'd even have him back, they won the league without him
Thanks, at my current state I need it. Hope my mind clears before the morning comes.
Actually to be honest, reading this sub now an awful lot of people are now Ole out
We didn\u2019t though. We had 62% possession today. We \u201cdominated\u201d and we prevented villa from getting more than 2 chances. \n\nRochdale had more chances than villa did. \n\nWe had \u201cpossession\u201d and gave up attacking chances without creating any.
This is so sad because it is such a simple thing and logical thing to do right now. The problem is that fucked Ed Woodward will not give up his ego for the sake of the club and the owners as you said, don't care a single fuck.
It really is.
3 at the back that got so much hate in our last fixture ?
No, the 3 at the back we used to beat Chelsea and draw with Liverpool.
Most definitely. It's so depressing watching how badly we are run as a football club.
McTominay can play dm.
He's a ball-winning box to box midfielder.
Martial started that move. Where was Rashford??
Which move?\n\nMartial was terrible. If he wasn\u2019t lazy he\u2019d have got two goals.
Bet your were shouting for Jose's head too. How did that work out?
Actually no. I\u2019m consistent in my beliefs, I didn\u2019t want jose sacked. I\u2019ve been called a cultist more than a few times for talking about how jose was sacked wrongly.
Yup but these folk just want to see wins and trophies, probably be supporting liverpool or city by the end of the season. \n\nThere is no creativity without Pogba, has been like that since he returned. No one in midfield wants to push on with the ball and link with the front 3. The squad is too thin, one or two injuries and it's game over like this. Changing manager won't help with that. We all knew in the summer he should have signed more players but any true fan knows who the problem is at the club.
No. These folks just want to see us not get dominated by newly promoted teams. There is no creativity because there is no movement. There is no structure to our play. This is because the coaching is non existent because not one of our coaches are qualified enough to be managing a premier league team. Yes, we all know who the problem is at the club that does not mean the management is not one.
I refuse to believe Ole couldn't identify a single midfielder during summer when we clearly needed several.
Yeah, I fully agree. He has been shit
I didn\u2019t say anything about it being possible or not.  Only stating that AZ need to win to top the group.  Otherwise we do.
ofc united is qualifying, that was never my point.\n\nmy point was that the fact this is even a possibility, of previously a club that won 3 champions leagues, now falling to the state of fighting in the europa league group stages to the final game, without a perfect record, is just sad.
Lol SAF would be champions with this team.
Well he is not in a good place at Dortmund rn, good chance of a Jan exit - Chelsea are still banned, he won\u2019t backseat at a Liverpool or City - PSG too shit - Real and Barca have too many wingers - who else is left who will pay money like us, give him a clear position, and have him as a face of the team
What specifically about his tactics?\n\n  \n\n\nNobody's saying results are good enough. I'm just saying the man deserves the chance to show what he's made of with the best version of the squad as he sees it... Which I don't believe we've seen yet.\n\n  \n\n\nI don't think it's fair to judge a managers tactics when he's got absolutely nothing to work with.
Williams is too green to be starting every week. Today showed, you could put both goals on him.
How was Grealish's goal Williams fault?
How? We have not had our best player fit for soon to be 3 months and just as our midfield started to look somehow ok in his absence Scott gets injured. Of course our squad is thin, with not able to handle this - but that means they need time. Look at Pep and Klopps first season. Klopp is now playing with the same team in every competition, consistency and again - consistency. If you are looking for fast intoxication turn to drugs. This is a football club in ruins after 3 managers. It will take time to fix, believe or not.
So you think appointing Pocchetino will fix our problems and take us back to glory days? Come on, be realistic. We need time and consistency, not fans hating every day.
Why are you arguing in bad faith ? Nobody says Poch will take us back to the glory days. What we are saying is that Poch is the better manager and we need the best possible manager who has a known reputation for building sides to lead our rebuild.
No, your taking a statement and twisting it like a lot of Utd fans.\n\ntell me since ole has taking over have you seen any improvement in the team?
Help him with his positioning, making sure he\u2019s playing in his most comfortable position, help those around him and teach them to make themselves available and make runs
So you think Ole and staff are trying none of this? We have no way of knowing.\n\nYou can't possibly be balming Ole for having to play the guy out of position when we have no options. \n\n>help those around him and teach them to make themselves available and make runs\n\nOur players definitely make runs but we don't have the players to make the passes for those runs with no pogba. \nThere's two sides in a match as well when players are limited like our midfield is teams can gameplan aspect of our team out the match.\n\nI know everyone wants someone or soemthing to blame but its not simple. I think if sat face to face with Ole and had to ask him about his decisions you would find good reason behind them. Ultimately if the players aren't good enough then they just arent good enough.
That last bit is so true and so damning.
Umm we played away. What are you on about?
I mean, he publicly said he's happy with the squad, praised them so much last season, but sure.
That's just basic defending
As I said he is young and will improve these aspects of his game..Also he is new to our backline.Communication and stuff
If only there was some behavior between reality denying optimism and toxic negativity.....
Don't you think it makes him seem like he doesn't care if we win or lose though?
can you give me some examples of where he's given that impression
I'm sure they can \"perform voodoo\" and make sure you dont run your midfielders into the ground. \n\nPlay the youth like you promised. Where are Garner and Levitt?
They were in the EL game two days ago.
[deleted]
Maybe the next manager will be the right one though, somebody who's worth time and investment. I'm willing to give Ole until January but if there's no improvement I think we have to accept it's not going to work out. Patience is good when there's a sense of progression and the team is going somewhere but I don't feel that with Ole.
So why even bother ? we are doomed either way. That's what you are saying right ?
Lindelof and Maguire have let in 5 goals in the past two games, all because they are constantly under attack. It probably takes a toll on their mental capacity when our midfield is consistently losing the 50/50 battles leading to attacks and shots on goal. Our press hasn\u2019t worked either, not sure what the stats are on opposition turnovers, but I didn\u2019t see many turnovers forced by our midfield  in the past few games.
I think we're in the same boat pretty much, I know a lot of people give them flak since we keep letting in goals - but without a strong attacking presence surely we are going to let goals in no? Ah well, I really hope Pogba comes back soon at least :/
Do spurs have a director? Arsenal have a director how is that working out for them? Looking for a director won't change anything. We need to change the manager, and invest heavily in January. 5 players minimum.
Liverpool could have stopped playing football on September 28th and STILL Be 2 points clear of  MUFC. This is how far we have fallen as a club. Crap owners, crap woodward, crap squad, crap manager.  We have 7 wins in our last 33 games and people say \"Give it time.\"
And how do you feel this morning?
And Ole\u2019s side are the only one that have stopped them.
I am not commenting on ole in or ole out, I'm on the fence about that one, I'm just saying that sacking him and hiring poch on a whim because hes a 'free' manager in the Hope of fixing this mess is a delusional way to think. If he is sacked then we shouldn't jump to poch because hes available, because he has not done well with spurs these past few years, and hasn't won a trophy in a long time
100%, a DOF should be the key focus atm, especially with jan coming up. Maybe he would but we cant get a manager because hed be better, we need a manger who can be the best.
Who else would you think would be a good hire?\n\nMy shortlist is Pochetino, Erik ten Hag, Marcelo Gallardo, Julian Nagelsmann, and Thomas Tuchel in that order.
> It's all down to the players that under Klopp Liverpool went from a club in the Europa League places to winning the Champions League.\n\nDidnt Klopp end up like 9th his first season in liverpool? haha
This guy is right. Don't worry about Ole has 27% win rate since becoming a permanent manager guys! We should celebrate Liverpool being 9th three years ago.
It is something call timezone, and the world does not have only one country. That explains why you are so easily sold by Ed Woodward \"don't worry we will be good in future, stay positive\" fantasy.
Nice try, atleast.
[deleted]
No, like Poch. Having said the Jose did far better than Ole has
Williams got thrown in there, Greenwood got thrown in there.
Williams has has had 4 pl games before this.\n\nAlso funny example because he was the worst man on the Pitch.
What did you expect going into the season without bringing in enough players? We were all expecting a rough few months since the transfer window ended without adequate recruitment. That's an issue with the board not the manager
Do not give him a free pass. We just gave up another 3 points against Astonvilla of all teams.\n\nA competent manager can beat that team with all our problems.\n\nWoodward is a problem but Ole is an embarrassment.
So why not start since he started as manager? Or since the start of the season? It's a point the media have chosen to spin it in a negative way.\n\nRogers has done a great job but Leicester have much better recruitment than us
He wouldnt change anything, not saying ole should be in or out, just saying poch isnt fixing this
>There's no positivity in this sub\n\nYeah how dare people be negative after seeing the swashbuckling football and wonderful results we're having this season.
Fair. But there is a difference between being upset and possibly a little cynical, and then just being toxic. It\u2019s a shame some of our coaches and players have come under such heavy criticism from such a vocal fan base. It\u2019s sometimes deserved but nonetheless, they\u2019re people who play for the club we love. Sometimes we need to have more respect for people on the whole and a little more respect for the badge we love. Despite, admittedly, the club being mismanaged from the top all the way down.
You've clearly not come onto the sub even when we are playing decently and winning. Its always doomsday predictions and whining no matter what the results on the pitch are.
Convenient how nobody ever wants to take the blame isn't it? Ed doesn't handle it, we don't have a DoF and the manager doesn't handle it? Somebody has to be in charge of transfers surely?
Yea mate I was just fuming at the result, sorry if was rude or owt. You\u2019re right, Ole\u2019s out of his league, but I\u2019d rather we can recognise there\u2019s fault from the top of the club, down to the very bottom. I personally think we should give him at least till the end of the season, maybe till next January to see how it\u2019s going. Don\u2019t want united to get a bad name for not giving managers chances, I know if I was a manager, I\u2019d be wary about coming to united.
Man, the other players have no aggression. Why do you think we always start the games behind? You literally are insane if you think James\u2019 crosses are the issue.
No, James lack of ability is the issue. Played awfully every game, only difference is now he cant get a goal to make his poor performances look better. Needs dropped ASAP
With much better squad which I have written in my original comment. And then he was not able to win an away game with the same squad for 11 months. So again - why exactly do you think we would improve under him?
If you focus on the last year vs his overall time at Spurs then I won't be able to change your mind - it was pretty much accepted his players stopped playing for him. If he came on we would have a better attacking system. I would trust Poch to rebuild the squad over January / summer much more than Ole. Put in the systematic groundwork now, add some players that fit in the windows, and we would be in a better position. \"What exactly we would improve\" is our attacking structure. If you think I'm wrong then fine, but that's my opinion on it. Not going to argue about it much more.
So in the end you would still win nothing.
Eric barely played for us and when he did we had Scholes and Keane beside him so I\u2019m not sure what you\u2019re getting at. You can\u2019t win games with a shit midfield. Period. \n\nWe just sacked 3 proven managers, one being Jos\u00e9 Mourinho. You can\u2019t just keep hiring and firing and expect results lol. Something bigger needs to change and Ole can bring that change with financial backing.\n\nOle will build a good squad of players, get us top 4 next season, and then hand off the squad to a more proven manager.
My point is that quality players perform regardless of the players around them. Ronaldo played alongside his fair share of crap (Spector, Eric, Carroll, Kleberson, Richardson...) But always performed and won things. If our midfield is crap, that's on the manager for not replacing the players, plannig properly, or playing to their strengths.\n\nOle cannot bring that change if he has no idea how to do so. He is currently playing favourites and buddy with certain players and spent 80m on a CB who has not improved our defence. He failed to replace Lukaku and invest in depth, and has put too much responsibility on a younger squad. \n\nGranted our problems are deep, but a manager who has been in a position for as long as he has and has failed to prepare, has shown no plan B, and is performing poorly than those before him, suggests he is not up to the task. There is no point in throwing money around in the transfer window if the manager invests it incorrectly or doesn't know how to use the players.
Yes. That's exactly what I am saying! People blow things out of proportion. If Ole knows one thing, that is to get results in the big games vs teams who attack us.
Believe it or not pogba got hurt under mou too
Damn those first two years, felt like Pogba got injured before literally  every big match
Did Pogba, McTominay, Herrera ever all get injured at the same time?
TFM hasn't even impressed out on loan, and not sure why you're comparing him with Fred when he's never played at the top level in midfield, all of his loan spells have been as a defender...\n\nDalot has probably had about  100 minutes of good football total for us since signing and literally has a handful of top level appearances, which you said we shouldn't be chucking in...
17 games is more than a handful, but I concede the point about TFM.
Fosu Mensah was fucking terrible on every single loan and you think he's gonna improve our performance lmao\n\nThe guy has the football IQ of a fucking potato. All brawn no brain
Ours too unfortunately, should be a goal fest
>433 with Fred deep center.\n\nYep this was the only formation I think would have worked where we wouldn't have looked like we forgot how to play football.
I hope you haven't actually suggested Greenwood and Lingard as CMs
Hmm, we cant know for sure but my taking is that he is not match ready
Oh no, I totally agree mate. Perhaps my point didn\u2019t come across as clearly as I thought!\n\nI totally agree with what you\u2019re saying. My point was more how big an impact a manager can make on a club - something Ole isn\u2019t currently doing. Obviously you need the change at board level too, I fully get that!
> So yeah your point is irrelavant and you can go fuck yourself you story telling piece of shit\n\nMy point is that this sub is ridiculously reactionary. Only last week it was majority Ole in and people were talking about us \u201cfinding our form\u201d. What\u2019s changed since then? Our U21 team lost to Astana in an irrelevant game and we drew against Villa with a midfield of Pereira, Fred and Mata. Yes, this shouldn\u2019t be happening but it\u2019s not the end of the world considering the circumstances. Ole at least deserves another transfer window considering his 3 signings so far have been quality.
Definitely.
He\u2019s a midfielder. Who has abilities. And could do an ok job there. \n\nThe attacking benefits of the 433 would outweigh the demerits of playing someone like McTom there. Who wouldn\u2019t have been any worse than average.
But come on, not any manager in the world could fix this without TIME to settle down a culture. Have you forgot the attacking football we saw earlier. I\u2019ll PROMISE you we\u2019ll see that when Pogba and Scott is fit.
Yes, before Herrera and Rashford was injured last season and before Pogba, Shaw and Martial got injured this season. Wait until Pog and Scott is back and January passed, and we\u2019ll see. \n\nBeing mad all the time is not good for your blood pressure.
And whose fault was that?
Sorry you lost me here.  What fault? Fielding Garner and levitt in a meaningless EL training match thousands of miles away? Or you were saying if we use these two against villa we could have won?
Yeah case in point was the 3rd goal by Sheffield, it came soon as Martial was subbed and we stopped attacking. Pogba can save this club from tanking this season, but even he can\u2019t lift us into top 4.
We are game raisers, when we go on a consistent run vs lower table teams, I'll be believe.
Honestly, I dont have an answer for that
Yes, because he got thrown in there.
Exactly, so why would you do the same to Garner? You're contradicting yourself lmao
> tent manager can beat that team with all our problems.\n> \n> Woodward is a problem but Ole \n\nIt would've been nice if we'd got a win but when you play young players you're going to see mistakes like the second goal we conceded. Football isn't an exact science and mistakes happen. I will admit I would've liked to see some earlier subs but I think the reaction and blame on Ole is over the top. If we should learn anything from the last few years is that being reactionary doesn't solve any problems. We need to be patient and stop chopping and changing. Instead we need to focus on developing and consistent philosophy and culture and stick to it
Jesus. No words. Your nickname is Lingard and your flair is Rashford, we are worlds apart.
Good thing I haven't commented what I thought of about Lingard then isn't it? James is completely protected from any sort of criticism, bizarre as he is consistently shit and Rashford is consistently much better
That's a good point. I still don't think we would improve under him, but I understand why some people do. I would still wait till transfer window opens. If we get 2-3 good transfers (especially in the midfield) I can see the team improving hugely. However if we fail to sign good players again (not that our recent signings are bad, but we really should've bought more) I think we will struggle to get in top 10. The midfield is crucial for us. When we have Pogba and McTominay playing our attacks are looking much better. Without them there is simply no link between our attack and back four.
I very much agree that we need huge midfield reinforcements. The lack of depth going into the season was borderline shocking. My comments are not meant to be dismissing the other problems in the club (Woodward / transfer windows in general) but rather make a comment about the fact that Poch has a more developed and PL refined attacking structure that we desperately need.
At least Matic and Fellaini could then do a better job at that time than whatever midfield we play at the moment.\n\nPlaying the midfield that plays at the moment is a problem made by not replacing the players which were sold in the summer.
That's my point mate, Matic is injured also.\n\nThis is a relegation midfield playing like a relegation team.\n\nI'm not going to blame Ole for being picky in his transfers as to not repeat the failings of the past. Only time and patience fixes the squad issue we're in without repeating those failings.
Do we have only 2 midfielders in the academy? \n\nYou know lack depth and combinations in the midfield you should be developing youth accordingly. \n\nInstead he plays our best prospects in the most irrelevant games and loses.\n\nPlays our back up midfielders in the PL and fails to get results either.\n\nAnd it's not like we were any better when McTominay was around.
By backup midfielders you meant Andreas and Fred?  Yes they are rather backup quality but the other options left would be Matic, garner and levitt.  I have to doubt whether any of these would make any difference if not a bigger disaster. \n\nI will have to put it this way - even our best academy midfielder prospects, namely garner and levitt, are not YET ready for premier league games.  It is a very different thing playing U23 games than stepping into the the pitch of OT and performing in front of 70k plus fans.  They would literally have some out of body experiences the moment the whistle is blown.  The next thing they know? Villa players are on top of them muscling and hustling the ball, then they stop recognizing where they are and what they are doing.  They would be running around with no sense of what is happening around them.
Because Greenwood and Williams have been good?
Lol we\u2019ll win those ones and draw to AZ
Not defending ole here, but there were quite a few performances that bad or worse under mou, particularly towards the end. Remember the 3-1 loss to Liverpool when they had 36 shots?
Losing 3-1 to the eventual UCL winners and a team that finished with over 95 points on the season with this Man U squad isn\u2019t actually that bad. Obviously you would prefer to do better, but the gap in quality between the squads is enormous. Losing 3-1 to Fulham or Aston Villa is a bad result. Losing 3-1 to last year\u2019s Liverpool is... predictable
Yeah, some performances, but he never had such an awful run as we have now.
> After how the same people now defending Ole turned so quickly on Mou last season,\n\nAny links to prove this, my impression is the opposite, that it mostly is the same people turning on the managers very quickly.\n\n>I somehow hope we get battered by Spurs and Ole gets sacked.\n\nSpoken like a true fan, cheering for his team to lose.
Only true supporters want their own team to lose. Good on ya, mate!\n\nIf you can't see the difference between last yeat and this year, please stop talking. Pretty plesae..
I can see the difference. Mou even in his worst run still had a game plan you could see. Ole just looks clueless. Also yeah, I'd rather we get battered now and rip off the bandaid instead of staying in this crap for another half season...
We are ticking every box to work towards mediocrity.
Relegation form
To be fair to him, we did try it for like two weeks
Very true. Never seemed like they were on the same page, working as a unit. This, again, was what we were promised in the summer
Told yall shits ole out since the beginning but yall said \u201cgive him time\u201d \ud83d\ude44
8 points if you consider the opposition we played (but taking Aston Villa, Norwich and Sheffield as Huddersfield, Fulham and Cardiff respectively)
and their managers are more at risk. But oh yeah our players are shit so the coaches are blameless.
Can't wait until another fucking post about Fergies early years is submitted on this sub.
You don\u2019t like 30 year gaps in time comparisons as if they\u2019re equivalent ignoring all the other details?\n\nFergie hiring was comparable to klopp hiring for Liverpool, not ole.
I can't and won't defend him, I just don't think sacking him changes anything.  As long as Ed is still in charge we aren't going anywhere.
What's the alternative? Indefinitely sack managers? when clearly the problems are somewhere else.
We don\u2019t really want Ole, we\u2019re just. so. tired. of. sacking. managers.
I don't think anybody was wrong in thinking that.
We are on track to score 8 less goals than last season in the Prem. We've regressed
Top wingers put the ball in dangerous spaces and top forwards attack those dangerous spaces. \n\nGame after game James puts in good crosses but the movement from the rest of the forwards is either non-existent or too obvious (and therefore easy to defend against). \n\nDan James should have countless more assists this season but his teammates are letting him down.
Right on the money. He's a classic winger and the only breath of fresh air in this shitshow of a season.
I disagree. He's an average crosser of the ball who seldom looks up. His end product would be better if he did
Idk man. When you're 3 yards from the 6 yard box multiple times and none of your guys ever make a run to the penalty spot you gotta be getting pretty heated.
That\u2019s literally what makes Man City so dangerous. They have pace on the wings with guys that are able to whip dangerous balls around the 6 yard box whenever they please and they have Aguero, Jesus or the opposite winger always right there to feed off it. It\u2019s a lack of desire from our forwards
> provided we don't win it of course\n\nDon't worry there's no danger of that happening
We\u2019re nowhere close to guaranteed top4, forget the title.\n\nBrendan Rodgers is our only hope. I dread the day I see Liv win the PL. Klopp is turning out to be their SAF, fucking hell
> (provided we don't win it of course)\n\nWe won\u2019t win it. We\u2019d be lucky not to battle relegation if ole doesn\u2019t get sacked.
It would take nothing short of every other team drawing until the season ends for United to win the league right now.
Contrast that to Ole\u2019s previous managerial experience. What a colossal fuck up. Rodgers should\u2019ve been the pick. Not Ole and not Poch either
Not defending Ole but: An ex-Liverpool manager heading United? Are you insane?
[deleted]
So? Vertonghen and Alderwield have been Shaky this season and DDG is far better than any keeper they have. Their start in the PL has been as bad as ours, but once we get Pogba, Dalot, McSauce, TFM, etc I can see us going on a run and nipping at City's/Chelsea's/Leicester's heels
When last has this happened?
Sorry?
I mean by every measure he was our best player... He covered both sides of the pitch for the useless Andreas Pereira, had the most key passes, highest pass success rate, most tackles, most interceptions.\n\nBut he didn't score a goal so I guess he's no good!
Dan James was better imo.
Well to be fair, he didn't kill anyone
Good thing theres no more killers in this team. Just corpses now.
Ole approved this so... yeah.
The bigger you get the harder you fall, though.
Think he\u2019s referring to reports a few days ago that Shaw was told he\u2019s behind Williams in the pecking order
Young is better than Williams at LB. It's RB where Young becomes championship standard
You forgot the shots into row z
But....but.....but....\n\n**#UNITED DNA**
Lmao mate, i spat my coffee
This sub and over hyping the youth.
Woodward loves youth. Because they are fucking cheaper
This sub buying Oles bullshit
However overrated you might think he is, he\u2019d be a much better appointment than OGS.
He's not overrated. He took a Europa level Spurs team and got them challenging for the title within 2 years with not much investment. Then makes it to the CL final against all odds. That's not even taking into account his work at Southampton.
Ahh a duo made to last, that is.
>This sub and overrating ~~poch~~
Stil cant believe we sacked him. What the fuck was woodward thinking. The man is an absolute tosspot. We had one of the best managers int he world and sacked him. Crazy
You mean most likely scenario.... never underestimate how bad we can fuck it up further. Never underestimate the amount of mental gymnastics the Ole in crowd will now use to say how he\u2019s deserving more time still. \n\nIt\u2019s pointless to even reply to their posts at this point though. They\u2019ll never accept he\u2019s a shit manager who\u2019s shown nothing of worth for us.
> Worst case scenario: Poch gets snatched up by another club\n\nI tried really hard to explain this viewpoint in the thread about Poch getting the sack on this sub. The common counter to that I was met with was essentially 'we've turned a corner, why destroy what's going well' (which was met with a lot of upvotes of course). Then I watched us play the first half against Sheffield United.....
Poch is not going to save this club. The problems are much, much deeper.
Why make substitutions so late? Greenwood might be young, but I really like him and he can give some unpredictability to our attack. Perhaps he could enter the fray earlier.
He literally gave an interview last week that substitutes need at least 20 mins to make an impact.
We cant pray that our youngsters will save us though. Todays game and the EL game proved that. Experience actually matters.
[deleted]
Wind your neck in, son.\n\n>15 minutes too late substituting Brandon for Shaw. Mason getting only 10 minutes, Pereira playing the full 90. Ole's game management is consistently awful.\n\nWhat I said during the game. If you had watched the game and been a little objective, you would have seen how awful Pereira was.
What would subbing in Shaw earlier have done?  How about giving mason an earlier go rather than customary 8-10 mins he gets after martial was very poor today
He wants that huge severance package and i don't necessarily blame him, the onus is on Ed to be proactive and do the right thing for once. I'm sure he doesn't want to admit he fucked up again but enough is enough.
We are seeing more attacking football and improved fitness compared to Mourinho's reign.
Just a heat of the moment reaction to the last 8 MONTHS. You know, it's not like we have only won 4 league games this season.
No it isn\u2019t
This sub is incredibly reactionary every gameweek. Better to just stay away really
Yes we've all been \"reactionary\" for months now. Find a dictionary
Ole can fuck off back to Scandinavia right with you.
Here come the downvotes! I was only making a joke about him saying \"fuck anyone saying this is reactionary\" but whatever. Knock yourselves out on your keyboards asking for the manager's head.
Ha wow I\u2019d imagine we\u2019d beat Everton and maybe get a draw or a win against spurs but lol
you actually believe you\u2019re gonna beat them when you struggle with Aston Villa
I dunno, toby direct to dele/son has been pretty deadly since jose started
God help lindelof
Super unlikely these injured players get to start right away, they lack match fitness.\n\nMost times they get subbed on for some minutes at best.\n\nAnd Pogba hasn\u2019t trained for so long, regardless of fitness
That is true. I agree with you. It is unlikely they\u2019ll start. But I hope we see that formation some day soon.
Both martial and Rashford are better players with the ball at their feet. They just don\u2019t have the positional sense to be world class strikers. Our mid field is pathetic, only Mata is ever in the box trying to make a run.
Do teams raise their games or are we just shit. Villa played well but they made a ton of mistakes and at times the quality just wasn't there for them
Are you sure it's the non-top six \\*all\\* raising their game?
I Hate that midfield too, but who would you put in there, huh? \nPogba, McT are injured, Garner is still just a kid, who else is supposed to play?
Or you know... be a fucking manager and learn to adapt once in a while. A 4231 isn\u2019t the only formation available. I know that\u2019s hard to believe.
Then tell me who will play there instead? And don't come with the vs answer \"garner or levitt\". Because they would have been bullied far worse then those two today
Am I missing something or is Matic not available? Because for all of Matic's short-comings he's still a better DM than Periera. This is why you don't alienate half your squad.
On the other hand, I think we started to play like that against Sheffield United, when Axel came on for Martial (I think), the result was chaos in defence and an equalizer
>(hell, even Barcelona sounds like a possible job for him) \n\nHe said he'd never join Barcelona
We've had 4 wins in 14 games, it's pathetic.\n\nSpurs and Arsenal have sacked their managers and they're both above us. That's what we've become.
Yeah - we need CMs desperately, no doubt about it. But we shouldn\u2019t to beat the teams we\u2019ve not been beating! That\u2019s the problem.
I\u2019m glad someone else is saying this. I\u2019ve been saying for months that Fred, Mata and Pereira aren\u2019t champions league standard. Where as;\n\nZakaria - Gladbach\n\nWard Prowse - Southampton \n\nNdidi - Leicester \n\nThose lads could offer so much more than those what\u2019s currently there. The defense needs protection and composure in front of them. Then, if Pogba stays, he needs the right players around him so he can express himself.  In the premier league he\u2019s a CAM or roaming playmaker at least,  he hasn\u2019t got the discipline to play any other way. Even for France he has Kante and Matuidi giving him license to play his own game.
I can\u2019t believe Woodward and Ole looked at the squad roster in the summer and decided it wasn\u2019t essential to purchase a centremidfielder.   \n  \n* Pogba - allegedly wants to leave to RM.     \n  \n  \n* Matic - on a steep decline, too slow and labouring.   \n  \n  \n* Fred - hadn\u2019t proven he was good enough.   \n  \n  \n* McTominay - they didn\u2019t know he was going to step up like he has. He could have crumbled under expectation.   \n  \n  \nAbsolute negligence.
Spot on mate. People so keen for it to be ONE problem, it\u2019s baffling.\n\nThe board is shit\nThe players are shit\nThe coaching staff are shit\n\nIt can be, and is, more than one thing wrong
People intentionally oversimplify things to lay all the blame on the board because that's the only way they can defend Ole. They are capable of understanding the nuance of the whole situation, they just don't want to.
That\u2019s a tough concept for this sub to grasp though. Anything more than a or b and it\u2019s something they find baffling. That and not following the hive mind. \n\nFor the ole in crowd, nothing will ever make it his fault and he needs years... despite being a totally incompetent manager, but somehow he\u2019s shown amazing progress only they can see and he\u2019s the best manager in the world for our side because \u201cnobody else can do a better job with this squad\u201d at all. Nobody. We are so blessed to have the best manager in world football for this side that we have. \n\nThey clearly are able to see what anti united fans want and that\u2019s for us to stick with ole............
This game should get him fired alone, there's absolutely no reason to give him another game
I think he's out already, but will probably get through to the city game.
Don\u2019t think anyone is expecting that. But he\u2019d taken spurs as far as he could and while on that terrible run, also reached a CL final. It\u2019s about who you want to progress with the rebuilding - a guy who ticks all the boxes - good football, young players, done well in the PL - or Ole, who\u2019s frankly been shit since he was appointed permanently almost a year ago
We are a proper mid table club. And we have been for six years straight barring a couple of flukey years here and there.\n\nI don\u2019t know who, or what the solution is to bring the club out of this mid table rabbit hole.\n\nI personally think whoever the manager is we will just have to ride the storm. Ole may deserve to get sacked, but I can\u2019t see a different fate for any other manager we appoint now either.\n\nWe are in trouble, and will continue to be unless there\u2019s some massive drastic change.
That doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Martial, Rashford, James, Mctominay, Pogba, Maguire, Lindelof, AWB, DDG all fit the high pressing, attacking style Ole supposedly wants to implement here. We should be beating teams like Newcastle, B'mouth, Palace, etc(who are all even more of a mess than we are in this regard).
Lindelof isn\u2019t good enough for the PL and that\u2019s only 8 players man, that\u2019s not even close to good enough if you want to be competitive. You can see how poor we become when just a couple get injured. Martial gets injured, we have no depth behind him and form instantly drops off. Pogba and McTominay get injured and our form instantly drops off because we literally have one other midfielder. Lack of investment is rampant throughout the squad and it\u2019s going to be at least 2 transfer windows until we can play high pressing with quick transitions from front to back footy. Look how slow our transitions were today, it\u2019s because we have no midfielders without Scotty or Paul that can move the ball quickly between the lines. Sure, we can sack Ole I\u2019m not opposed but it\u2019s not going to solve anything.
Yeah. I should clarify that it's crossing from deep that was awful. The amount of times James put in a tasty cross from the by line and all of our strikers just hanging out with their fingers up their arses at the edge of the box was infuriating.
Foundations for a relegation battle
Hahaha what a world we would be living in then.
Even if we had Klopp in command, we'd lose that game. Our squad is not prepared.
Not true, we nearly beat Liverpool despite missing Pogba and Martial. We do well against teams that deploy a high line against us and that's how Spurs operate so... if we get someone competent in and sack Ole ASAP, no reason we cannot get a positive result there.
Yeah I reckon it\u2019s city, will probably pull out a draw at Tottenham and give people hope, then smashed against city
Oh fuck off. There\u2019s nothing wrong with wanting the manager out but always back the team you plastic twat.
I hope mourinho scores a hattrick
You fuck off. One more fucking loss doesnt even matter when we\u2019re already finish for the season after horrendous start to the season. This season is another write-off for us and we can already start to talk about next season and actually replace him this wednesday. Just one more fucking loss doesnt even matter now when the season is already over in DECEMBER you fucking piece of shit. Go fuck yourself
Lol, bit too late for this. Clear we aren't going anywhere under Ole, i can see why people would so desperately want him gone. \n\nI'd say this game should get him the sack though, i don't think we need to wait much longer.
Why the fuck is this being upvoted? What is wrong with you people?
Because we had enough with this manager. I love him i really do because i still remember when he played for us and he is a legend for us but managerial wise he is really bad. He is clueless and incompetent and guess what? This season is already over in DECEMBER. We are worse than Mou\u2019s last season and that speaks volume for a manager that tries to play the \u201cutd way\u201d in almost every his press conference. \n\nIve still seen people defendibg him for trying to play the Utd way. Trying and actually doing it are 2 different things. Keep in mind
Being ole out isn\u2019t knee jerk anymore IMO, the knee jerk reaction was keeping him based off his extended new manager honeymoon period or the 4 game run we went on recently lol
There's just no semblance to WHAT exactly is Ole building?
9 wins in 32 isn\u2019t knee jerk. He should\u2019ve been sacked ages ago or better yet, never been given the full time job. Any half decent club would\u2019ve sacked him by now and any top team would\u2019ve sacked him possibly twice for that record. Madrid maybe would\u2019ve done it even after he got the full time job when he won 2/12 games last season. \n\nWe aren\u2019t a top team on any level apart from our \u201cname and brand\u201d anyway with how we are ran. Not even close.
Knee jerk lmao
They're also losing a ton of money from missing out the CL for another season potentially this way though. They're just incompetent
They dont realise that untill it happens
Perfect time to buy! We only spend when the player is way over valued.
I guess no point in having academy then.
Academy is called academy for a reason.   If they are already good enough, they should not be in the academy in the first place.
Yeah, I should just ignore them next time!
You're right.
Exactly. That's what people here don't understand. We have no style of play or identity. No amount of transfer windows will solve that. Look at fucking Leeds pre Bielsa and how they play after getting him appointed. They barely made any signings and saw marked improvement. Ole hasn't improved a single player on this team bar maybe Rashford and McTominay.
Don't know why you're downvoted. But I wouldn't say it's totally popular to criticize the coach outside post match threads etc, and I say that with experience.
Eh I think if you abuse Ole or say he\u2019s a Norwegian PE teacher or something along those lines you\u2019ll get downvoted. But I usually see rational, thoughtful criticism getting lots of upvotes.\n\nThe other day we had the \u201ccause for optimism\u201d thread and one of the top comments mentioned how we\u2019re in a pretty shit position results wise..so the idea that criticism of Ole/players/team isn\u2019t allowed is nonsense IMO.
The most logical thing I've read so far in this thread. Not sure why people think sacking Ole now means Poch is in now, I remember reading he's not managing until summer at earliest. \n\nThere is no point in sacking Ole now and bringing in Mr Random McFucksticks; have them do well with the new manger rebound and end up giving them a 3 year contract (exactly what happened with Ole). Wait until summer to sack Ole and bring in Poch or any other competent manger that's available
Or offsides in other games
Yeah thats prettu spot on, my Fifa teams looks more organized than this sude.
Stretford End was singing his name a couple of times but there were a lot of groans and moans in my section (NE stand) towards both players and Ole. Boos rang out at full time too
>Boos rang out at full time too\n\nYou think Woody and the staff would've noticed them? Is it new or has this been happening for some time (if you talked to others)
Couple of Ole songs ringing about but an awful lot of frustration to be honest. It was very painful to watch in the first half, we didn\u2019t play well at all
First half was dire and second half more energy In stretford end but lots of frustration to go with it. Got to give it to villa fans however, they had great support today
Just wait till we get martial back
Just needs 3 or 5 more windows
When Pogba comes back he\u2019ll be like a new signing
Yeah, but just wait til Pogba\u2019s back and playing out position.
I remember calling this out at the time. You never know though, I'm convinced a new line of reasoning will be made to defend Ole based on false premises probably, perhaps 'wait till we get Pogba back' will become popular on this sub now. \n\nI remember getting stick for pointing out last season that we won't magically start pressing well this season (look, Sheffield schooled us in this department) because of inadequate coaching, but was met with 'these players are unfit, let Ole have a proper preseason, then we'll see' replies. \n\nThen 'but look at our xG' became a thing this season. Michael Cox destroyed this narrative after he wrote a piece before the Liverpool game and explained how we were OUTDOING our xG from open play. Yet again, the problem stems from not creating enough chances set pieces and penalties aside.\n\nThen it went to 'wait till Martial is back', and we'll see how it goes from here.\n\nI also notice how many of those who disagree talk about how getting players will improve the team, but somehow talk regarding coaching and tactics is scarce but some platitudes are common. Then we find fault with coaches like Poch to make a case for Ole staying over him.
Below arsenal still who just sacked there manager
Or as I've been hearing, let's just wait till city and liverpool arnt good anymore.
Below Spurs as well, who's manager has been their best in the modern era and just got them to CL with an amazing team he mostly built\n\nThey are at least showing ambition
And Tottenham who did the same
As bad as things have been since Fergie retired I never thought we'd be in a spot where we have less ambition than Arsenal, yet here we are.
And Spurs?
4 wins. No discernible style of play. No improvement whatsoever.  We can\u2019t attack in a form that isn\u2019t a counter, we can\u2019t defend despite spending \u00a3130m. Can\u2019t score from set pieces, can defend set pieces. The man is hilariously out of his depth. Does not belong at this level. People who are still Ole In are beyond delusional
> People who are still Ole In are beyond delusional\n\nThey're fanatical. They don't want to believe that something they love has gotten so bad. There's always going to be a branch of fans who will defend the club, no matter how bad it gets, simply because they believe that to show any form of negativity is to be a \"Bad fan\".\n\nOle is horrifically out of his depth, but of course he is. His experience is minimal. His last Pl run was a disaster too, and the only positives come in the form of winning trophies in Norway. He'd have never gotten the job if he wasn't an ex-player.\n\nAnd you know what? It's ok to call out the club on mistakes, while also still loving the player that was OGS. He will forever be one of my favorite players. But as a manager, he's horrifically under-qualified, and horrifically out of his depth (and if you don't believe he is, I ask a simple question; would ANY other Pl team take Ole as their manager?)
*but Ole knows the club*
So much this. \n\nTo add, this is not just a temporary dip in form. This is not a rough patch. This is our baseline level. Any wins we have are EXCEPTIONS to our mediocrity, not a rule.
Mate look. You need to understand this.\n\nYOUTH. COURAGE. SUCC... FAILURE
I hear if we give Ole a couple more transfer windows then we might start to see actual football!
HOW CAN YOU WIN A MATCH IF MESSI ISN\u2019T PLAYING FOR YOU
His last game might be against Jose Mourinho's Tottenham. This has to be an alternate reality, surely.
Should sack him now just to spare us the banter from everyone else when our ex manager gets his replacement sacked
It's actually unbelievable, 4 wins out of 14 and Ole is still in a job. I love the man but enough is enough he's clearly not good enough.
As a Liverpool fan I find it funny that one of our biggest rivals is doing so poorly, but growing up I always thought utd were invincible. They played like champions every game. They were ruthless. They never tired. It just made me feel hopeless that we'd never win anything. I really feel for you guys. I know how it feels to watch as your rivals are doing well and you're not. I really do feel for you guys as supporters. We all want our club to do well.\n\nThis season has been such a shocker it really has. Best of luck to.you guys for the rest of the season.
Every time you hope that shithouse statistic will go away someone brings it up again for some reason.
I mean xg was the stat that predicted giving ole the job permanently was a bad idea
Asked in the thread if someone could explain to me how much of that xG was accrued over chances that aren't pens or setpieces and chances that were not made due to attacking transitions, and got no response. I'm genuinely curious about that.
Proves it\u2019s all about margins
Never would\u2019ve kept the job if he wasn\u2019t a legend and if our board weren\u2019t made up of retarded cunts anyway. \n\nI\u2019m very sure that Bayern, Juve, Barcelona or a good number of other big clubs would\u2019ve sacked their managerial legends for the horrendous run ole has had in fewer games and Perez, would\u2019ve very likely sacked Zidane even, twice by now if he had such a shit spell for so long, despite 3CLs in a row and he\u2019s a managerial and player legend for them. \n\nOle isn\u2019t even a managerial legend nor has he done anything of worth on a great level as a manager in his career so far except for convince his cult following that united need more time to beat villa despite resting the entire first team in midweek and also that we need more time to beat Rochdale or actually, win more than 9/32 games anyway. That\u2019s his greatest managerial achievement.
Perfect interim appointment. Embarrassing full time appointment.
Pochettinos league form with spurs for a year was pretty garbage too though
So was Klopps in his last season at Dortmund. Both are proven quality managers though, unlike Ole.
Exactly and it\u2019s not like it happened once, there is just no learning or coaching
He\u2019s definitely better than he used to be but he still has work to do in that regard. His link up play is excellent but he currently lacks that true poachers instinct that we\u2019ve come to expect from our number 9\u2019s in the past.
Hold up, I didn\u2019t realize we would have expected a loss to villa if we didn\u2019t rest our \u2018key\u2019 players. \n\nOh and we lost to the \u2018best team\u2019 in kazakhstan with our young squad so I guess that\u2019s progress \n\nShouldn\u2019t the manager be responsible for thinning the squad? It literally makes 0 sense to blame the thin squad for this poor run of results. If he had any involvement in getting rid of \u2018deadwood\u2019 players who could actually turn in some extra needed points, I say he has to bear the consequences for it. \n\nThe same way he would be lauded as a managerial genius if it works out.
They also forget that most of our players today wouldn't get into the starting 11 of another top team.
Lol nah. So many better teams will come from the CL.
I'm starting a new job for fuck's sake... I need confidence and good mood... I'm miserable and don't even want to go tomorrow now...
Well good luck mate.
Alright i'll bite. I'm not Ole out, I know we're far from where we want to be at the moment, but I honestly don't see why changing the manager will make it better. We've done it more or less every second season since SAF, where has it gotten us? The squad simply isn't good enough for top 4 IMO - there is a reason why Mou claims 2nd with united is his biggest achievement and outside of that our only top 4 finish is 4th with LVG.\n\nI'm not saying Ole is on par with Klopp or Pep, but they both had difficult first seasons at their respective clubs, and I do think we had a good transfer window this summer. The three signings are performing (relatively) well, and i'm happy we shipped out the players we did. I also think it's a bit unfair to completely write off his resuts during the time as an interim manager. In any case I hope and believe we will give him another summer transfer window and let him show us how a second season shapes up.
That's a good point: the only people who can in any way be optimistic and Ole in clearly must not watch our games. They see 2-2 vs Villa and think we were unlucky or some shit.
I mean we won majority of the games by penalties and still playing like shit
TBF, if they had 2-3 midfielders injured the majority of the season (i.e. Kante, jorginho, kovacic), they would be in a similar position to us, if not worse. Not defending our woeful performances though.
Mediocre is generous to describe Pereira at 10
You can't honestly think that was Ole's call.
I feel a lot of this can be overcome with experience. We may develop Martial into a poacher, who scores the 'easy' goals that we lack. Same for decision making.\n\nWe need to get better supply to our front three. Many a times Martial just felt isolated, and we depend on rashford and James making runs for any chance on the target. A creative midfielder is a big priority this January
facts
What is the endgame in this mate, in 3 years are we going to even be close to winning the league under Ole. I\u2019m not sure to be honest
Dont think anyone is delusional tbh. Not this sub anyway
Ter stergen is doing wonders too
Can't believe that their board is wasting Messi on him
I\u2019m talking about right now, not a couple months ago.
Don\u2019t be so sure.  Any decent midfielders could come to this team and instantly start ahead of the likes of mata, Andreas and even Fred.  That is pretty attractive.
Yeah we dominated rochdale when pogba was healthy.
lol sick.
We literally did but we couldn't score. Dominate \u2260 score goals.
Chelsea dominated us lets be real. They were the better team just gave away a shit pen and then didnt really have a defence we were lucky to play them first game of the year.
Same happened with Klopp & Ancelotti lol. They were available just after we hired LVG.
Well yeah, maybe the best now is to put enough pressures for the board to assign a DOF.
Impossible thing to do imo
It's as if the PR team prepares a template for the players and manager to use after every game
If anything, the team was better before Ole was appointed
We play more entertaining now.
Jose is not the best example
Jose took this piss poor squad to a second place finish. Like it or not, that was absolutely impressive.
I will when they only win 4 out of 14 games.\n\nFYI, Jose's stat when he was fired was 7 wins, 5 draws, 4 losses in 16 games. 26 points.
But that doesnt imply that we are good against better sides
Wow. You could say that if we had ONE physically imposing midfielder or at least a good reader of the game. Our midfield wasn't being exposed when physically imposing Scott was there.
>Our midfield wasn't being exposed when physically imposing Scott was there.\n\nLol, yes it fucking was. McTominay played when Newcastle played us off the park, when West Ham strolled through us and when Bournemouth completely negated us.\n\nWhat a load of absolute bollocks.
Go on Busby, tell us how to make Fred and Perreria decent
How about taking advantage of the abundance of CBs we have to get them comfortable playing with 3 at the back, thus taking some of the defensive pressure off two midfielders who aren't great at controlling matches?
No way is phelan qualified for manager. An assistant at best. \n\nWe need someone with a proven track record. Poch is the only option imo.
Well if poch can\u2019t take us into top 4 this year, we sack his ass and find a new manager.  No big deal.
Sadly, it won't happen under the Glazers. Any other top club and he'd have been replaced years ago.
Most top clubs would have hired a DoF and made Woodward CFO
Definitely not defending Ole because it's in no way been good enough from him but I can't put all the blame on him. Woodward has been in charge of 4 managers now and they've all gone to shit. That's not a coincidence.
Yeah, great with buisness. The guy's only blown about a billion pounds on players that 90% have been fucking useless and contributed nothing.
Yes, but that's what I'm saying. Take away the football side of things and he could be great.
I don't disagree but United can sell Sanchez but they can't sell Woodward right?
We technically can sell Woodward, it would just be illegal
That\u2019s up to Ole to decide. Garner, Levitt, Vic or Rojo at DM... let someone show that they can play there before Pereira gets caught in possession against Spurs and Son Dele and Kane wreck us. \n\nNo one envisioned Rashford, McSauce, Dan James being regular fixtures on the team when they debuted.. they took their chances and earned it. \n\nYeah we have injuries but every team faces injuries. Pep played Fernandinho and another DM as his CB pair. Adrian was undefeated when Alisson was out. Chelsea played without Kante and Rudi for most of their season and had a transfer ban.\n\nSAF routinely played players out of position when he had injury crises. Mou (or maybe LvG) made Valencia and Young fullbacks.
Pereira is 24 next month. Just no way should he ever have been in a position to play regularly for us.
If it meant we spent less in other areas, like hell it matters.
I don't think we should have spent anywhere other than CB though.\n\nWe had 0 CBs capable of leading the unit. We're light in midfield, but at least have Pogba to anchor the unit. Plus our CB play last year with the ball was so bad it was hard to properly assess midfield anyway. Pogba and Mctominay is a miles better situation than some combo of Lindelof/Smalling/Jones/Rojo
Bro we aren\u2019t that good defensively. We leak goals left right and center
That\u2019s true, but he\u2019s much better all around than anyone we had at the club previously. Now when a top manager comes he has the personnel to make a good back line.
We only need a few more players to unlock pogba, martial, maguire....
He has the turning radius of a tractor and is just as fast. \n\nI guess he\u2019s another one who needs other players around him to unlock his potential.
Werner would improve our attack massively. Still not sold on Haaland as he is young and playing in a tier 2 league.
I honestly can\u2019t wrap my head around why he chose to move away from the 4-3-3. And why he had the team work on 3 atb a lot when it has been a disaster for us this season. It really confuses me.
>I honestly can\u2019t wrap my head around why he chose to move away from the 4-3-3\n\nWe don't have a DM. Matic just isn't mobile anymore. Plus Herrera left. McTominay is doing well in his place but he's not a DM. Our brilliant board decided to not sign any midfielders.\n\nA 433 requires a great DM who will run till the end of the match, and pass the ball along nicely to more creative colleagues. We don't have such an option.
[deleted]
They were singing his name after full time.\n\nI\u2019m not sure what he\u2019s supposed to do when Martial is too lazy to make a run into the 6 yard box when Dan James keeps putting the ball on a plate.
They sang for Moyes up to his last game.
So the fans haven\u2019t turned on him then.
Too many plastics on the internet.
Plastic for being unhappy with the worst manager in United\u2019s history.
[deleted]
Don\u2019t think Bayern\u2019s history is that much worse...
Wat u talkin bout m8 we da biggestest club in the world
Rival? You mean us?
Well,yeah\n\nBig 6 and shit
No matter if we stick with Ole or bring in Poch (or whoever), January will be crucial. If we don't sign at least 2 good players there will be no point in watching the rest of the season to be brutally honest.
Yep
Bold of you to assume Ed will give him freedom in transfers
>He knows he'll be backed with $ for transfers as well\n\nAre you sure? They haven't backed Mourinho or Ole properly
They definitely backed Mou with 200m+ in transfers. They didn't back 2 of his transfers where he wanted older players. \n\nOle's been backed as well. He's dead set on the youth, including if it relegates United.
Nothing disappoints me anymore. Came back from 2-0 down to concede a last minute equalizer? Nice\n\nLost to Palace at home? Fabulous\n\nOur goal of the month in September was a Rashford penalty? Gr8
Don't worry, the rest of us will shout and swear at our tv's in annoyance, anger and eventually acceptance for you. Congratulations btw.
Thank you very much :) Hopefully something will change sooner rather than later
It\u2019s ridiculous. 6 PL wins since he was made permanent manager. 6 fucking wins in 22 PL games. People talk about time but time should be given to competent managers, and competent managers wouldn\u2019t go 6 in 22
I don't think the marketing team will be able to resist setting up Poch vs Jose.
And r/Reddevils mods.
You have been banned from /r/reddevils for 3 days
Damn
Lmao. This is delusional. Have you watched us play?...
The players aren\u2019t performing but the manager isn\u2019t helping he needs to go
I agree. There's something to be said for returning a traditional powerhouse back to the top in a down period as well. There's definitely a personality that would find that more attractive than taking over at Man City at the end of the season, for example, and just walking into a ready made contender.\n\nThe only obstacle could be if Woodward is really that difficult to work with, which I don't think we can conclude yet for sure. Even if the transfers downturn is his fault, there's still plenty of talent at the club for the right manager to come in and improve.\n\nWe need a player developing manager if we're not going to be massive transfer spenders, because young players will always come to UTD as long as we keep our identity as a top club that will give them a chance.\n\nPoch top of the list.
Nagglesman, Poch, Allegri, Howe (seriously), and ten Hag would probably be my five main targets with Poch and Nagglesman as my top two.\n\nCall up Tuchel too, even if it's unlikely. Doesn't hurt to try.
Lol yes, that worked so well the past few times
>Throw enough money and you\u2019ll get anyone\n\nSure they throw enough money at their wages, but they don't throw enough funds to fix the issues through transfers so what's the point?
Levy is right about the control thing. No way Woodward brings in a DoF and sets up a proper internal sporting management structure. Probably going to take a couple of years at mid-table ala Liverpool for their to be any significant changes.
It's downright pathetic\n\nI don't know why fans here think we're some exception to all the rules just because we're unoted.
553. He is still giving it away even after the final whistle.
Paying Sanchez wages so he can go play CL footy is another brain dead move.\n\nSigning no strikers while 1letting our best striker go was another howler.\n\nI even wish we still had fellaini, he is better than our whole midfield out there today.
Maguire has been worth 80m.\n\nWe should have bought midfield players but I think that\u2019s more a Woodward problem. Herrera has come out and said that he didn\u2019t resign for a club that puts commercials before football.\n\nWan bissaka and James have been good signings.
1.\nNo way on earth has Maguire justified spending most of your budget let alone 80m on him.\n\nHes no better defensively than what we had,  he's intact a liability if we want to play a high line with a press due to his slow turning circle and pace. \n\nEven if you think hes good enough, no way on earth has our defensive output justified that ridiculous end of the earth signing fee.\n\n2.James has been good. Wan Bissaka is good but not as good as people make him out to be. \n\nIf you think all the good stuff was down to Ole and the bad stuff to Woodward then you're just cherry picking.
In order to be worth \u00a380m he would have to be the stand out best defender in the world. He isn't even close.
James has been an ok signing. I mean look he looks like a nice guy but he should not be a starter.
I didn't say we should keep Ole. Just that we can't expect the next manager to save the season.
This is the issue. This is it. The teams we have lost to aren't better than us. We have lost to teams we shouldn't be losing to or losing points to. Ole might do well against big teams but there are more small teams than big teams in the league.\nAnd if we have failed consistently to get wins from such teams I'm afraid changes have to be made.
Sheffield United have drawn with us, Spurs and Chelsea, they've beaten Arsenal,and Liverpool needed a colossal Dean Henderson fuck-up to beat them.\n\nVilla outplayed Spurs for the entire game before collapsing, held Arsenal until right near the end, and beat Wolves (which we amongst others have failed to do).\n\nWhilst we should be winning, it's disingenuous to say they're shit just because they've been recently promoted.
This is the new \"Just wait until Martial is back\"
Give us Klopp, give us Guardiola, if we still just have Fred and Pereira available as CMs it\u2019s no chance in hell they would have done so much better. People seem to forget from game to game that time means time, he has had 1 transfer window, and we were just 3 points behind 5th place yesterday, early in his first full season, with many games fucked up by junior mistakes (Liverpool, yesterday, Sheffield etc).
We\u2019ve already qualified for the knockout in the Europa league.   AZ need to beat us to top the group.
You dont think that is possible?
Always bet on United to win. Regardless of why my senses tell me.
Who do Sheffield United play in midfield?
Rashford and Martial were ordinary today...
I felt Rashford was brilliant on the ball, the only issue is he rarely got it at first.
And whose fault is that? Ole gave Mata 3 MORE FUCKING YEARS!
Lol shit excuse. Yes a more competent manager would not be 3 points from 17th place with those players. If he was consistently in 6th and we were showing improvement sure. But he has been utterly shit.
Ole gave Mata and Pereira contract extension. I know people will blame this on Ed but imagine saying with a straight face it isn't Ole who want them to stay and had input on it
We seriously should get Zlatan back.
We don\u2019t need a short term fix
Kinda reminds me of Depay.
Very much so.
He\u2019ll tear it up at his next club
SAF wouldn\u2019t be dumb enough to come into the season with this midfield. And even then, it\u2019s offensive to suggest he would as tactically inept at Ole. I fully believe he\u2019d have beat Villa today at least and beat them easily
I was just following up on his comment lol
Mate have you watched the past 8 months? How is that in any way reactionary?????????????????
Fuck me, 4 wins this season and I'm being reactionary?
I've been happy enough with AWB and Maguire, but they were a bit overpriced probably. It is what it is. For those prices, IMO, you hope for better. They've both helped, but they are not amazing.
And Lukaku also didn\u2019t fit the style Ole wanted to play (obviously though he should\u2019ve been replaced). I agree with this, a little overpriced but they\u2019re young and in a couple years I think both should be top tier players.
Maguire (whilst being a good player) was definitely overpriced- but I gotta disagree with you on AWB.
Fair enough, but still. That's a long drought with no PL title.
Thats a bit harsh. He definitely qualify as a coach, he is just not premiership quality. I think the norweigan league would be very much happy to take him back with open arms
I meant you don't deserve to coach in the PL
This is ridiculous. With a win against Spurs we can be top 5 as well. You act like Ole decides who we buy. He wanted more transfers, they didn\u2019t happen. And we sold the deadweight, yeah more need to go and replacements need to happen, but Ole isn\u2019t able to say I want him and the board buys him. We have known for some time now that the manager can only suggest and hope. The boys are playing for him. Teams are scoring some outlandish goals to snag points from us. Be real.
People said the same thing about that winning against Villa and we will be 5th. But instead we almost got humiliated by a newly promoted. \n\nDon\u2019t you guys see it, even if we win against spurs OLE is still a fraud, a one trick pony, he basically has zero idea how to tactically setup his team against teams. \n\nYou can\u2019t have the same we will counter when we the get the ball approach to every game it doesn\u2019t works. Might work against bigger teams because they would press you and give you more spaces to counter but against a team who defend with cohesion we won\u2019t be break because we don\u2019t have any game plan when there is no space to work it. This just shows OLE is out of depth. \n\nLegendary player, Shite coach. I\u2019m done
Someone finally speaking sense, you could have SAF in that dressing room and the team would only marginally perform better, as long as Woodward is at the club nothing will change
Lundstram, Kelly and Rico were all cheaper than Greenwood at 4.0. Also made the emotional choice of picking Greenwood at the start after watching preseason games and Ole saying he could start against Chelsea and was our best finisher, etc. Done much better with a consistent scoring front 3 ever since I dropped him in early October.
I think he means cheapest forward.
Doucoure, Sancho, Haland, are some options?
Do you really think Sancho will come to us? I have a feeling that we will have to pay over the market price for him and even IF he joins us. But I'm sure he will have a lot more suitors than us and the chances of him picking us over others at this moment is slim.
A midfielder and a right winger for fucks sake. Or 2 midfielders. They end up playing over the odds anyways. Napoli has a huge shitshow going down. We should go poach Allan or someone from there. Fuck if I know but it's the boards job to be on top of these things which they're clearly not.
He also has a history of developing individual players and I think we have a lot of potentially world class players to work with (Rashford, Martial, Greenwood, Pogba, AWB) and a lot of potentially very good players as well (Mctominay, James, Dalot, Tuanzebe, Gomes, Garner, Maguire). Potential is just potential but it's fair to say we have it and it's better than nothing.
What about Mourinho? Isn\u2019t he a good manager and tactician?\n\nWhat about LVg?
Mourinho's problem has always been his personality and the way he deals with players. He is still one of the best managers in the game as far as tactics are concerned. LVG was a great tactician aswell, it's just that his style of football was a snoozefest. Ole seems to be reasonable at micro-managing the players, albeit a but complacent. He seems a bit inept as far as tactics are concerned...
Do you trust our stupid board to do something of note in January?
If they do nothing then its on them for the season we end up with. Not bringing them in during the summer and then also in Jan also when it was abundantly clear we were a midfielder and striker short.\n\nAs for trust them to not be stupid, no i dont i really wouldnt be surprised if we ended up with rakatic/bale/mandzukic instead of going for someone younger with legs but still experienced.\n\nThey might delay the midfielder until summer just because of who then becomes potentially available. Raid the relegation teams for example, or just easier to get players out of teams unlike mid season.. Would be funny if we go and hit bruno fernandes new buyout clause because we didnt go for him in the summer and also tragic at the same time.
Its not just this game but at Crystal Palace, Arsenal, Liverpool, Sheffield all points dropped at vital times because of defensive mistakes.
Yes I agree, but our momentum right now I think it's preatty bad and Spurs' is very high + mou will be very motivated.\n\nAlso city is not playing great, but they can lose more points.
That too. Absolutely. We need another body in midfield and upfront. And a body that is capable of competing to start. Not just a pair of legs that'll fill a jersey.
Outside of maybe 2 positions (goalies and centre back) we haven't got the squad to handle any injury.. the drop off from our starters to our backups is massive. And we haven't had our best 11 out more than once in 2019 I'd say, and that was Chelsea opening day.\n\nGet the 11 I've listed above together for a month and judge ole after that month. Because you can't say manager is going to be able to play how he wants to play when the current version of mata and Pereira are 2 of our 3 midfield players. It's impossible to control a game and implement a gameplan when you have that midfield.\n\n  \n\n\nGive ole the time to get the squad fit and our best 11 on the pitch together. Then if we're still unable to beat a westham level team with ease, bin him... that's only fair imo \ud83e\udd37\u2642\ufe0f
Look, I love Ole but his tactics are not good enough. The pattern of play is very average and predictable in the final 3rd. I love everything he is trying to do but he is not a good enough manager to achieve it. Maybe give him the DOF role, or bring in Joachim Low as an advisor to guide our staff. But something needs to be done. You dont need world class players to get results against the likes of Rochdale and Astana. 7 wins 33 is not good enough.
The fuck you talk about? We didn't have AWB, Maguire and James at the end of last season. Ole brought them in and they made big difference. The issue now is still the weak midfield that Woodward didn't give Ole any reinforcement.
Yeah awb maguire and james really dropped the ball last season
We didn't have the summer signings. Lindelof and mctominay look miles better this year too. As does Fred. We just haven't got our best 11 out since Chelsea I'd say
I understand, I'm frustrated as well, but the level of toxicity is beyond that.
We have periera and Williams starting...
Pereira is the only weak link in that team.
From today's team mata if ole is going to persist with 4231. If we went with 3 in midfield I would have been happy to see mata out for lingard or garner, have a fluid front 3 of rashford martial james.
That could be an option. However wouldn\u2019t we risk having zero midfield creativity without mata? I think we expected villa to park the bus hence mata was put on the starting lineup.
It baffles me, it really does, that people don\u2019t take this into account. Their arguments are totally useless as they don\u2019t take this fact into account. It\u2019s surreal.
So who should Lukaku have played for today, you recon?
You're telling me the squad today was perfect?you didn't miss someone capable of meeting those balls into the box?
You c an say a lot about Rashford but he\u2019s not lazy.
I'd definitely take John McGinn over Fred/Pereira. A midfield 2 of McGinn & McTominay would be decent I think.
You\u2019d have to take them over Pogba as that is our starter there.
Appreciate your view but then look at our season....nothing to take for granted
Wrt to our aspirations ofc...But this is what the squad is seemingly capable of
Ha, there's nothing in that starting 11 that reminds me of the good days. Except for a nimble curly haired Welshmen. But even then, I know that ends in hurt.
Different things mate
Shit sorry , I was wrong when I mentioned \" release clause \"...\n\nBut , it's a fact that french LFP forbid the use of buy back clause. We only have a first option to sign him ( if Lyon were willing to sell him ) \n\nhttps://amp.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/5oy21f/james_ducker_re_depay_buyback_clause_its_quite/\n\nhttps://twitter.com/TelegraphDucker/status/822140866357760000?s=19
\ud83d\ude2d
It might not matter to the board or Ole where were finish in the league but it will matter to players we try to sign. Top class players won't want to join a club that is bottom half. The Utd name is listing its attraction and so soon will the money. \n\nGet Poch in so players will actually want to join.
For me, I don't see us going backwards, i see injuries taking their toll on an already thread bare squad.  He has started a rebuild which takes time (as opposed to papering over cracks) and I agree with the guy above tearing up and rebuilding rebuilds without funds doesn't seem smart -regardless of pedigree. And I don't think anyone with pedigree is currently available or willing to gamble (I'm assuming pedigree here means having won something as we are Man Utd)
I personally think thats why he had a downturn at Spurs especially after the CL loss, he wanted the United job before Ole got appointed. His press conferences and the murmurings out of Spurs seem to make that clear. I remember they even banned the media asking questions about United and Levy talked about how he wouldn't get as much control here as he does there.
Levy's control comment is interesting. I wonder whether there is a view in the professional football community that the United position doesn't have much control.
Wouldnt mind him coming here tbh
That\u2019s what happened to Netflix, MySpace, Netscape, Friendster and now to shopping malls. We need to sell if the Saudis want it soon, otherwise no private equity fund will want to buy us out.
Nobody is buying us if we slowly lose our revenue. Income will dry up after a decade without success. Nike don't wanna pay a billion dollars to stick their logo on a shirt being worn by Fred.\n\nI'm not saying we're going to drop into division 3 or anything, but we have to prepare for the worst - Which is that the best years of the club are behind us. Not in front of us.
We're one of the biggest names in sport and have been for decades - we not going to be consigned to eternal mediocrity. Look where Liverpool are today; they've been a joke for much of the last 20 seasons. Look what we achieved after our drought in the 70s and 80s. Look at City and Chelsea.\n\nThings won't always be going our way, there'll be high and lows to come, but we're not a team who when we slip we can't climb back up. We're a huge name who will always be in demand. And the worse we are and the lower our value drops the more attractive our price becomes.
Ole publicly saying he decided not to pursuit another player in the market doesn\u2019t fit into your scope of \u201clogic and reasons\u201d then?
Poch has a track record of improving players. Unlike Ole.
Can a good manager magically coach Pereira, Fred and Mata world class before a match? No. He will also have to deal with the absolute mediocrity within our squad. Firing Ole now will only let him inherit the same players, same injuries and shitty fucking CEO. We have so many problems beyond Ole.\n\nOle is not our future manager. He will most likely be sacked after the City game to give a new manager the same run as him. And the cycle continues.\n\nSad, thats all.
This has been going on since before the transfer window and before the injuries.
Since we lost Herrera
I don\u2019t think that squad should be struggling against Aston Villa
The squad as a whole no, our midfield though? Absolutely, without Pogba it's genuinely a worse midfield than Villa. We got unlucky to concede a screamer and an offside trap fuckup, sure, but we should be dominating in any games against Villa and we clearly aren't. This squad is absolute trash, and everybody but kneejerk Ole haters and the board knows it.\n\nI'm not opposed to ditching Ole for Poch or any another coach with better credentials, I don't think Ole adds anything to this team. But I think it's dumb to blame Ole when to me it's clearly a result of horrible transfer policy.
Jose era guy here...we need therapy
so sad man whats happening to our football club its rotten from back to front
