Manchester is red!!!
Imagine going to bed every night and truly believing otherwise. Poor fools
They don\u2019t actually believe that. They all know the truth deep inside
Yes
Enjoy the moment fella, absolutely buzzing.
Mate, I'm as happy as anyone but Ole was literally his appointment and is sticking by him while he could've easily already appointed Pochettino
Let's be honest, Ed would happily sack Ole if results didn't go the way they have done just to distract from the fact that he is responsible for the shambolic state of this squad.
\ud83c\udfc5
This is a standard Dan James performance, nothing new.
Mct and Fred double pivot with Pogba having freedom up top.. I can\u2019t contain my excitement
Someone might shoot me but it\u2019s going to be hard to replace lingard with pogba in these counter attacking games when he performs like today. His energy and speed getting the ball up is brilliant. \n\nI\u2019m sure pogba will make it work though. Has to bring some real energy there.
Lingard absolutely has a crucial role in games like today. I'm really sad he wasn't able to get a goal today because he played very very well. When people say he has no business in our squad show him games like this. He's a perfect squad player.
I completely agree with your fear. Personally I think we should use Pogba in the double pivot in big games for his distribution from deep and then CAM against the smaller opponents.
Words can't describe how much of an upgrade Pogba is over Lingard
I don\u2019t think pogba makes us better in a game like today. When we have a squad that compete and doesn\u2019t have to play 29% counter attack? Then yes of course.
In terms of technical ability, obviously. In terms of their role within the squad, Lingard's extremely useful in games like these.
To be fair Jesse, he's a right back, and not an overly physical one at that. I don't think he should have been picking up a CB like Otamendi in the first place.
I would have SMASHED him mate.
Two good games: fReDiSsAnCe \n\n\nLmao
hes been good for a month but sure keep talking out of your ass
Appropriate flair.
It's yo boi juicydicken....
Imagine getting gold for a comment like this ha
Thanfully we had big Dave
I was saddened because it felt like I'd get to see the \"closed on Saturday\"-meme on top of this reddit again. Feels like it was a long time ago.
EVERYWHERE YOU GO
Sensation of a panic attack creeping in.
I was nervous because we had trended towards giving them more and more chances, but for some reason I was surprisingly confident in the set up defensively. I was so hoping we could have shut them out at home.
Same. I thought here we bloody go again. Butthole unclenched.
Me too, I was panicking that we were going to capitulate as we've often seen over the last couple of years when we concede, but aside from that Mahrez chance shortly after the goal I never felt like we were going to lose the lead. Oh optimism, I've missed you
To think though their one goal was from a corner and de gea only had to make 1 save that wasn't a comfortable catch. We defended the box really well and city actually struggled to create
They bring on Mahrez for Bernardo and we bring on Andreas! \n\nThe audacity to say that they don't have depth or the team is not good enough, have to be a blind city fan to say such stuff.
Plus they bought a RB and a LB instead of replacing Kompany this summer lol, they only have themselves to blame for their defensive issues.
How dare you put Mahrez and Bernando in the same line with Andreas.
At home in a system they\u2019ve had for 3 years. Gtfo martinez.
Eternity is certainly shorter than I remember.
I hope they are but then again they can't afford to lose the attendance so I expect nothing from these fools.
My thoughts exactly
Yes they are but Ole has always been class so I am expecting him to speak about how good we played and how hard the boys worked for this win.
That's very true.
You were so spot on lmao
I'm ready.
Karate kid return
No need for him to bother, Ole's at the wheels
Full on sexy.
I mean you are a fidgety fondler, what else should I expect
Fingers crossed Brenda can still save the season
I mean he has experience in making sure Liverpool don't win the league
Also they are  classier imo. Fuck city fans, throwing stuff at fred. Bloody savages don't even deserve the bald fraud and his fraudsters.
Fans and players really, I have a harder time accepting Liverpool wins the league because of our history but they are classier from top to bottom.
Ahh right, the same classy Liverpool fans who smashed City's bus last year.
A lot of Liverpool flairs are trashing those City plastics on r/soccer threads for that \"behaviour\". I like it a lot.
Rightfully so. If our supporters started throwing objects or doing monkey chants aimed towards Mane or any other black Liverpool player, I'd be absolutely fuming as well. These \"fans\" deserve a lifetime ban from any football game, period.
I must've missed this story. Could you elaborate?
True. But Liverpool wouldn't exist as it is without it.
It depresses me that Pereira still plays for us in anything but the League Cup
tell me about it. every time i see 15 i know we going to concede
We'll have Haaland/Martial, James/Sancho and a new CM to come off the bench next season:  \n\nRomero, Tuanzebe, Williams, CM, Lingard, James/Sancho, Haaland/Martial/Greenwood.
And a better first 11
It'd be amazing
Let's smash them at Anfield and give Leicester the title then!
Kinda worried about Everton and their new manager bounce too. They just slapped Chelsea 3-1.
But if they try and play attacking football we should beat them comfortably, it's the ones that sit deep we can't break through.
I think it\u2019s coming now McSauce is back.      \nThe easiest way for us to break teams down is to pass the ball to them and let them have 80% possession.       \nBut seriously we\u2019re flying at the moment. We should be picking up at least 9 of those 12 points.
Probably not back to 100% fitness. Mahrez was having some success against him. Good call to bing in the veteran Young to close it out.
He was dead after all that. Great game by shaw and great time to throw young in. They were attacking that side all game.
A City fan was seen making monkey noises at Fred
Shame
Apologies, I'm Australian and our A-League VAR/refs have been very trigger happy calling anything that touches a hand/arm/shoulder/fingernail in the box a handball.\n\nI'm just expecting to not see interpretations of the rule that I actually agree with, so today's game was a pleasant surprise!
They would eat the shit right out of Pep's arsehole if they thought it might make us retch.\n\nThose are City fans for you
*Rednaissance*
De Gea  \n\nWan-Bissaka - Lindelof - Maguire - Shaw  \n\nFred - McTominay  \n\nJames - Pogba - Rashford  \n\nMartial  \n\n**Subs:** Romero, Tuanzebe, Young, Garner, Lingard, Mata, Greenwood.
Will be amazing. Hopefully he's ready for next weekend.
We need to score from setpieces too.
I think that was more on AWB getting outmuscled though, he should have done somewhat better there.
Momentum is a bitch even to the strongest. Ottamendi just rammed through like a bull.
He should not have gone out of his line, but there was no way he would\u2019ve caught that cross
To be fair, set pieces and headers have always been Dave's weak spot, and I agree. Can't fire Ol\u00e9 after 2 amazing performances against City and Tottenham.
No. A couple of midfielders &/or Sancho/Haaland and we'll comfortably make top 3.\nUnless you meant it's a joke to think Ed will buy anyone
Not to mention the bottle throwing at Fred.\n\nStay classy always, City. Fucking cunts
Also fans were chanting racist shit at Fred
And racist abuse
Bottles, lighters and coins. Scum as f
The problem with these players is that none of them are childhood city fans, they only care about the money not fighting for the shirt. Took Chelsea years to build up kids like that, it will be the same for City. And they don't play youth anyway.
I actually feel kinda sorry for Foden. Keeps getting strung along by Pep as \"the future of City\". Phil probably thinks he's gonna be a regular starter once Silva retires.\n\nThat is until Pep goes and spends 80m on a new centre midfielder.
How can you say they don't fight for the shirt when they won record-breaking back to back Premier League titles? They are having a shite season this year by their incredibly high standards, but to say they only care about money is absolute nonsense.
>completely fair play\n\n*all city fans up in arms looking for a call from the referee*
The Liverpool hate is based on a rivalry of becoming the best. City cheated the system.
Yes sir, I been a Liverpool fan for 25 years, always dread every Utd goals...\n\nToday I celebrated two of them.  We have more respect for your team than oil money fc
Careful what you say there fella, you're implying you have any respect for the bin dippers at all
0 is still more than -10000 I guess
It\u2019s bc like I said they\u2019re a bunch of mercenaries. They don\u2019t have any identity or team culture to rally themselves. They have no idea what it means to come together as a team and do something special. They\u2019re a manufactured football team, it\u2019s disgraceful
Admittedly I don\u2019t follow them especially closely so I wouldn\u2019t see them having fun outside of football but they do seem a dour lot.
Wow lucky you! Safe travel! \ud83d\ude09
Price elasticity of demands?
We need some perfectly inelastic goods
SAF was always better as CF but did a job at RW.
Always rated him.
I agree that he's getting used to it. But he's much more comfortable and lethal when he played on the left for us and Wales.
he's nailing the spot down and by the end of the season, I wouldn't mind having a player comfortable on both sides. adds more value to his game
Amen brother
Really glad we got Dan James instead of another, more notorious Welsh winger
He creates tons! This is one of the next puzzles to solve, actually converting on these chances he\u2019s giving our forwards.
that will come with time and experience, the more the team plays together and learns each other's movements. They'll learn to anticipate his crosses and cutbacks, he'll become familiar with their runs and movements
Absolutely. And Andreas is not the answer lol
second this
I could see the players just getting a little tired after half. City's line fell a little farther back too, but you could tell he wanted us to be up by 3 or 4 at half. They're getting better, just not quite there yet.
I wouldn't mind that lad called Sancho as backup to Dan James... \u00af\\\\\\_(\u30c4)\\_/\u00af
Honestly tho, even if Sancho came in, it would be unfair to bench James with his form all season.
after gw 20
31st Dec
GW 20 I heard
WE\u2019VE GOT DAN JAMES PAUL POGBA AND FRED
MARCUS RASHFORD'S A MANC BORN AND BRED.
I don't think Pep shut down the counter attack, our players just got tired and we don't have the subs to maintain that play style.
After 30 minutes something definitely changed. We weren't cutting through the midfield as easily. But I couldn't figure watching live exactly what it was. As I said before though, I do think city looked more dangerous offensively during that first 30 minutes too, they didn't actually have many clear chances through the rest of the match.
Our wide forwards dropped deeper in the second half to help the FB's, and City started to make more tactical fouls. It was gonna be hard to keep up the counters, I think we realised that and had to give them less space. We were defending well today anyway.
I know, I'm just reacting to the win.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 fair enough
Did you somehow miss the first half? Or did you just see the last 10 mins. City were completely outclassed.
Ole ball led to 2 goals, Pep ball led to 1. I call that outclassed. This time at least.
He fucking outclassed him mate. I don't ever fucking care. I love you all
The quality difference between city and united is quite obvious though.\n\nUnited won Today due to tactics, not quality. \n\nThey were structured in defence and leathal in counter attacks.\n\nYou gotta give the manager credit for this.
Why doesn't everybody just win against City away if it's that easy?
Like I said we have players better suited to counter attacking football than probably any other team in the premier League. Only Leicester I think comes close because of vardy and Liverpool as well.
Mate, they don't though.  Everybody tries to bunker in completely and keep them out.  We played a risky game keeping as many guys high as we did in the first half and good parts of the second.  We only bunkered once everybody started getting really tired, and it isn't a coincidence that we conceded then, and gave them control of the match.
I agree Ole switched it up and pushed numbers high up in the first half and it was balsy as fuck. Im just not quick to call Ole a tactical genius and such. Weaker teams have gotten the better of us a lot in his tenure.
Will agree with you. Midfield is crucial for the team and when you don't have good depth you can't blame the Manager. But unfortunately a lot of United fans don't understand this and have argued with me against Ole. Scott and Fred are slowly becoming crucial part of our midfield.
Unfortunately, we don't have enough depth in our squad and that is why we can't develop a good plan B and we are constantly being plagued by injuries which makes it tough for us in our games as we are not left with too many players to change the game.
I mean I have always trusted Ole. He is tactically not bad, we saw it in the Sheffield game when he turned it around in the 2nd Half. The last couple games in which we didn't perform were without Scott and this shows how crucial a good midfield is and why we need depth in our squad so that we can have good substitutes when a Plan B is needed against teams that park the bus.
I wonder if that'll change when Pogba is back
It won't. Rashford is on pens now.
Not a chance.  Putting Pogba on penalties was one way to placate him last season, pens means more goals means more goal bonuses etc.  \n\nNow with him flirting so openly with going elsewhere I doubt he\u00b4ll be accommodated as much, especially since he\u00b4s been injured and needs to perform for the rest of the season to market himself to the kind of teams he wants to join.
Ole doesn't have too many options, to be fair. Taking off Tony was sensible considering he missed the last game due to injury. From the options we had on the bench, Pereira is the best at pressing, so I can see why he did it.
Yes but he defo needs Mc terminator with him to bring the best out of him
No he just needs any semi-decent midfielder most likely. Pairing any CM with Pereira probably won't end well, since he's just not a CM. It gives Fred so much more work to cover in midfield.
The 2 games he played with Pereira he was poor
I dont think he was overly poor, but he couldnt make up for having periera next to him in a 2 man midfield. The way Ole has us playing in what is basically a 424, the 2man partnership is pretty key to allowing that frontline the freedom to do what they do.
He wasnt really. Pereira's poor game didn't rub off on him. To say he was poor is disingenuous.
He's been playing well for the last 6 or so games with and without McTominay. Even against Sheffield he was deccent
But that Pepe deal maybe worse than Sanchez ffs he\u2019s on 200k a week too I think...
Afraid not, it was when he went to them after ft
Who isn't in his pocket at this point
Tackle man gets paid.
Domination mate.
Man made us all smile countless times and he deserves some himself!
Amen.
No need to be rude now is there, the lad didn\u2019t actually do anything bad
Yeah it came out different that what I expected it to be, which was just playful banter (thus the emoji). Sorry!
The good old screwing till it pops up.\nI think Pep could help me with that LMAO
With all the experience he's amassed by being screwed over this season.
Im just trying to be funny
Lmao as was I you salty bois
That\u2019s the brilliant move by solskjaer. He\u2019s put Pogba in a corner, not relying on him to win. Forcing pogba to be motivated to even be considered a starting XI player.
Yeah, what a great strategic move by Ole, winning games. Absolute masterstroke, how did he come up with that
God I hope he\u2019s motivated, against the not so good teams we might actually have a chance of breaking through.
Just updated original comment with a short video mate
We did it without a bench.
OLE outclassed PEP & MOU in just 4 Days.
Was a beautiful site mate. The players love him so much
One thing. If it the pee is reliving, ~80% win. Doesn't, makes no difference.
Check his post history, but basically he holds his piss in until right before the match and then let's the torrent loose and it's won every match so far iirc
\ud83d\ude02
If my pee before the game is very reliving, we almost certainly win. PSG was the most reliving pee I had. I prepared by drinking water for 2 hours today and announced the results just before the match (go through my comments). Did the same vs Spurs.
You have to do it every game now...please
I think he's alive
fuck, this tickled me
I totally agree. We definitely aren\u2019t out of the woods. We need a CM signing or two this window. But I\u2019m talking about Pogba and the drama that surrounds Pogba. In previous seasons, he was indispensable. But now, he isn\u2019t as much so. I agree with the other people on this thread, Pogba is a great player. But for all the drama his brothers and his agent gets, he won\u2019t be missed as much.
He\u2019s top class, there\u2019s no question about it. But If I were Ed, I\u2019d be looking at these performances that have McT and Fred in them and I\u2019d also look at the Balance Sheet, particularly the wage statement and I\u2019d be left with a pleasant conundrum. Cash in and buy a couple of good players or keep this bad boy? Bargaining chips would be on our side as opposed to Raiola have a chip on his shoulder.
Yep. I'm with you. I don't mind letting Pogba go to RM or wherever he pleases IF we can get a decent return on him and IF we can find Dan James (or Mahrez/Silva) like midfielder to replace Pogba.
Yeah, someone who is a huge danger from distance forces defenders to move out, which creates more space for Rashford and Martial
So would another creative CAM we could sign in January, who could perform consistently and go a season without throwing a hissy fit
Probably playing as a 10, in the position lingard played in. Especially against teams that have a low block, his creativity could help us break those teams down since we'll need that rather than lingards pressing.
No idea. Probably AM? He\u2019s got that creativity and those gazelle like strides but if Jesse (as shown in the last 2 games) picks his game up, there\u2019s no way any slot will open up for him. Displacing either of Fred or McT for Pogba would just be suicide for Ole.
Lingard works well off the ball pressing in this setup, but Pogba is way more useful vs a compact low block defense, bullying players technically worse and physically weaker than him (90% of the PL)
On the sidelines with a funky outfit making excess cheddar to sit there and cheer.
The problem for us in terms of getting the best out of Pogba has been how to get him the ball further up the pitch, so he can both up the tempo of an attack by hitting our pacy forwards with room in front of them to run into, for him to dribble into, or slow it down by spreading the ball out to the wide players or recycle possession by giving the ball to a player playing behind him. If he moves up into the 10/8 role, he will have that extra space. In addition it will be interesting to see what his introduction does to our xG stat.
I don't think so, he might not have been able to get wins against weaker sides but he has been unbeaten in matches against the top 6 this season.
Oh I agree with you. I\u2019m just mocking some of the things these \u2018fans\u2019 say.
I go to AFTV for the same reason people go to the zoo
Hopefully, Man United can have great Brazilian players in the future.
Looks like we have 1 in the making for certain already
WHY DON'T CITY FUCK OFF HOME
He had a very mature performance I felt. With him being out so long I'm able to see the contrast between him and the others. \n\nMaybe he just had a good game, but he's a lot more tidy and calmer than I remembered. I think he's going to cement that place in the coming weeks. \n\nI was never worried for him out there yesterday. Just quietly was where he needed to be on both ends of the pitch.
Not if we need to play against small clubs first in those tournaments!
I\u2019m not in the US. Nothing yet where I\u2019m watching. Was it confirmed to be racial abuse?
Understood...yes, it seems to be confirmed, and Ole commented on it.  So have City on their social media.
I was more impressed by the composure and confidence. Those nutmegs and control in tight conditions were simply sublime. If you had told me Fred would be drawing in players like de bruyne or walker just to nutmeg them, a month ago, I would\u2019ve called an ambulance for you because you surely must have brain damage. \n\n\nHis turnaround is one of the best developments this festive season.
Good for him.  And also good for you to change your mind on the guy.i honestly think we mustn't forget most of these guys are still very young
Yeah I don\u2019t like the players personally and those fans are scumbags, but as a club City has always been pretty professional so respect to them for that
Oh my bad, I thought you meant the players. Did they hand out some stadium bans or just speak out?
Because it would have only instigated the plastics and not done the game any favors
He's literally been one of our best players for the past 2 months. Both statistically and visually.
If Rodgers wins the league with Leicester his release clause will be HUGE!
Because it'll be Leicester Liverpool United Chelsea.\n\n\\#BaldFraudOut
Never thought I would agree with Pogba only being a decent backup, but you are right!
They should sign a midfielder this Jan.
Preferably yes
TAA gets exposed defensively because he is too attacking. I would rather have a RB that can close up shop
Sorry i don't believe that for a second. Fergie instilled a belief and standard into all the players and he was magic at getting thee best from players. Gary Neville and Keane had a great Q&A in Ireland and Gary basically said he had the standard that even missing one pass was a crime.\n\nHonestly Fergie had Danny Welbeck. (Danny fuckin Welbeck who can barely line up for a PL team now ) get a MOM performance against Real Madrid
We are now saying Rashford doesn't have belief? Have you seen his form these last 3 months?\n\nPut a settled team around Rashford and he'll be consistently world class. Simple shit.
But will it work if United play on a Sunday? \ud83e\uddd0
SAF: Listen laaad we'll stick you on every SAT and see how ye go OK?
Bernardo had to be subbed. Says it all
Think he's trying to refer to fans cheering their own players and then abuse the oppositions
I think they\u2019ve said in the post match they\u2019ve caught people on the cameras and the police are investigating.
Good on them.
Yeah! He's getting better with each game and confidence is growing. I don't want to jump the gun, but we've got some good momentum at the minute and I hope it continues!
Seems Ole's thing is December-February lol
Please bring in one or two reinforcements in January. Ole could use that little bit extra help to get him over the line for the season.\n\nGetting Top 4 would be huge, and we could see some really nice recruitment in the summer. If all that happens, the future is bright.
Aaaah, shit man I completely forgot about that.\n\nIt was one the coolest tricks of SAF. Back then I knew he does this trick and won many bets from my Chelsea fan friends.\n\nThanks for the reminder mate! Hope Ole has some tricks up his sleeve too.
I know exactly what you're saying, and I agree, but I'm talking about The Board and the bulk of the fans. Doing Mou & Pep back to back has really favorable optics. It will also spark a lot of flattering articles in the papers.\n\nWhat that means is, it will alleviate a lot of the pressure, and he'll have that little bit he needed in order for Woodward to take is finger off the trigger. It's these kinds of big wins that make Ed cream his pantaloons.\n\nIt was already going to take some major fucking up (ala relegation) for Ole to get sacked. He was very securing before the season started, and after these two wins he is guaranteed the rest of the season. I'm not arguing whether that will be good short term or long term, I'm just stating what I predict will happen.
After this and Spurs game, I think you should be at least 1% Ole in; 99% Ole out
Yeah, three points v City is the same as three points vs Watford.
100% agree. The worst thing Woodward could do is to watch these two games and be content with the team. If he is serious and gets at least one or two players in January, then he'll give Ole a real chance for the rest of the season. And since he goes on about the plan and the culture and backing Ole, this would make that job a lot easier, and make the summer a lot easier for the following season as well.\n\nWe need Pogba back and we need a little help. Ole has shown that he actually does know a thing or two. Beating the Top 6 is no small feat. I give credit when credit is due.
lmao ive been singing you are my Solskjaer.
I actually was responding to someone this week that was saying how James was not good. I was like, wtf.
Sure it wasn't \"He's not good.... he's incredible\"?
Ole and the coaching team need to sort that shit out ASAP
Pogba is key to breaking that low block IMO\nAnd a prime mata
Smaller teams who dont do low blocks like Brighton and Norwich also get punished. Pretty simple how to stop United actually, but i guess not every team can do it.
Pep may be a bald fraud, but he\u2019s certainly a purist in his style
a $100 bet on united would have netted you ~$430
Hopefully it's clear now that much of our struggles have come from the fact that key players being injured. Minus Pogba, I think we had our best starting eleven out there today and it showed. Bringing Pogba back in will fix a lot of our creative attacking problems against weaker teams.
I don't think it's as simple as that. We did struggle against a lot of defensive teams at the start of the season with all our starters fit too. We need a defensive midfielder and another creative CM imo.
Also depth. \n\n75 mins in against Burnley at old Trafford, 1-1, what weapons do we have on the bench to turn the tide? Mata, Andreas, Greenwood? We need January reinforcements, we need a chicharito, a solksjaer, and eventually another RW who can bag goals and let us use james off the bench, he would be so good for closing games.\n\nNot to mention that as much as fred and McTominay are absolute engines I'm worried we will run them into the ground. They are both required to play 90 mins at a high intensity every single game
[deleted]
Us (Ole \"haters\") were specifically called out. Take it up with the guy who started it. I was more than happy to enjoy this game before my opinion was called out.
Pogba might be the difference. Let's find out
A lot of that is because we don't have the right players.
We score goals now though. Even against shit teams.\n\nSeems like a much more managable feat to work on not letting them in.\n\nToday, United seemed structured defensivly.
Of course they do. Come here after a loss and you'll see.
I mean considering the depth of this team and no Pogba....
Who expected Leicester to be doing this well?
Imagine not trusting the process
For now we are bad , but it wont be forever I hope
This would have at 50 upvotes about a week ago. This sub changes on a dime.
Yup. Hats off to Ole he got it spot on today and I love to see us winning, but Pochettino is one of the best managers in the world and if we have the chance to get him we absolutely should and not make the same mistake we made last year.
That faint to the right sent 3 city players out for a hot dog.
Whenever it was... he had a boring period. Now he looks amazing.
Should be banned for life
Hopefully/probably will be.
Just like how we were happy Liverpool didn\u2019t win the league last season. Tbf Livarpool are very beatable the stars have just been aligned for them.
lol yep. they've been massively out performing and teams give them far too much respect on the pitch imo
Not 100% sure but I think Gary said on Sky something about racism has increased in last couple years?
Last 3 years, as in since brexit. But he made a comment on the people of talent remark i guess.
We've got greenwood, pogba, and fred....
MARCUS RASHFORD HE'S MANC BORN AND BRED
We\u2019ve got Fred, Fred, and Fred
Marcus Rashford just turned 22, Anthony Martial just turned 24, Daniel James 21, Aaron Wan Bissaka 22, Mason Greenwood 18, Lindelof 25, Maguire 26, Luke Shaw 24, keep in mind Manchester United are playing with youngsters and/or academy players that are still years away from their prime.
I wish I could upvote this again
everything..just the way he talks
He was saying stuff under his breath all while 'looking' polite at the final whistle. Ole kept nodding his head cause he wouldn't stop talking
Of course, I'm not trying to downplay that. Just attracting attention to the step up in quality our two CBs shared today, is all.
and i\u2019m just adding to your comment. dint mean to disagree at all. shaw played really well
Dont think Shaws ever been massively criticised for this defensive work, mostly his lack of attacking. Good to see him put in an assured performance, now its up to Williams to show what he can do against AZ.
Andreas was fucking amusing .
He was great!
In quite a Long time actually - fully focused for a full game
It was worth it to see that smile from Sir Alex <3
He was even relative quality against Villa, one of the best on the pitch imo (not a high bar tbf)
Yeah he was rightfully critical of them at times even though you could feel how badly he wanted them to get back into it.
Exactly. Dixon has been very good when speaking about us, especially considering him being a City fan and an Arsenal player. He has grown on me.
Funny thing is I think having players that can unlock low blocks will then open up the games and we will actually improve our goal difference because of it.
Hope so
No one will listen here \ud83d\ude02
City has released their official statement and they have mentioned that they are working with the Manchester Police to identify the people who were seen in those videos so that legal action can be taken against those.
Yea piss off mate
Absolutely this. Somehow we've made it a 3 way for 4th with Chelsea and Spurs.
That chase on Sterling after Lindel\u00f6fs mistake was insane
Announce Sancho, Haaland, and a new Pogba contract. \n\nAm I doing it right?
Yes.
assuming pogba wants to stay.
The first two yes. If pogbas attitude is still shit then get rid. I still think we need to spend big on midfielders. If mctominay gets injured we\u2019re screwed, he\u2019s the driving force of the team now. Fred is becoming a Kante, so we need back up players for those two as we have no one at the moment. Then we need a creative midfielder (unless pogba can up his game and stay consistent) to produce a bit of magic against teams who have everyone behind the ball and we will then need a backup for that creative midfielder. Another top class CB to compete with Maguire and lindelof and we will be very strong.
Well let's just hope he gets thrown into that number 10 position. If he isn't, I hope it truly is Jessember.
it would give ole the chance to play a 433; more options
Because they defend with two banks of 4 on a low block. We haven't figured how to beat that yet.
This is [low block](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRVXo22dX0Q), so 4 players organised close to outside penalty area or penalty arc and 4 players inside penalty area. Interesting.\n\n[Low Block Analysis-One of the major differences between Liverpool & Manchester United](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO7jnPOCXfY)\n\nVision, accurate passing, ability to read the game, versatility and inventiveness are important.
I literally say zero about Ole in or Ole.\n\nLiterally said we struggle against smaller teams.\n\nSaid literally zero about our seasons form. \n\nThe question is **why?** Undoubtedly Ole has made mistakes, but you want to tell me that's the only reason?\n\n\nWe are of course off pace this season, but; where do you think another manager could take us with a midfield of Periera and Fred?\nWithout Martial for a long stretch, without Pogba most the season? Shaw is treated with much dubiousness, but you saw how mature he looked out there yesterday compared to Williams. \n\nMissing your first choice players isn't going to help a team flourish is it now. Especially one you surely won't deny lacks heavily in areas.\n\nIn any case, I don't know who envisaged anything other than a fourth place finish for us this season. Yet, we're not allowed to be buoyed that were making up ground on that goal? Please.\n\nI swear, some people would be happier that we be in Arsenal's state right now. At least they'd be vindicated in their wallowing.
We have good players. Fast pacey players.\nAgainst low block teams we need somehing else. Creativity.\n\nOr just Pogba.\n\nWell see.
The people jumping up and down proclaiming how right they are for supporting Ole after 2 wins are just as reactionary and toxic as the fans who want Ole out after a loss. \n\nIt's a shame they will never see this though.
How right they are? \n\nI believe I was pretty specific on my subject matter. Ole having 'no tactics'. People around here claim that he has less than championship level aptitude. I've seen someone say Hassenhutl has a 'clearer style of play'.\n\nYou explain to me what it is then? If Ole is still total shit and we are 'reactionary, what's the reason behind these wins. Whats the reason behind our top 6 record under Ole. \n\nMore than anything; individual errors have cost us points.
Supporting our manager is toxic? It's also not reactionary if your support has never wavered.
I think with fred and mct partnership in full swing you dont risk messing that up. Play him as part of the front 4, if theres an injury to mct or fred then he can drop back in.
Lingard and Pogba have completely different roles. Lingard is vital against top 5 opposition
am i crazy for thinking we may be able to get 3 points against liverpool
We could. It depends how they approach the game.
Not at all. We\u2019re really close to get 3 points last time.
Dear rashgod, don't let us lose to relegation fodder....
Wouldn't have expected the results, that's for sure
I would.
Considering two of those sides were Jose's Spurs and Pep's City, would probably have taken that too.
Yes, but you have to realize how well he's doing to create these chances, while still being 22 years old. He's only going to get better with age, and I think he has the LW position locked down.
Main difference.  He is on the left and he just tortures opposing full backs.  The movement amongst our front line is what heats up our attack and I just think Rashford is more comfortable starting on the left to drift center than vice versa.
Agreed 100%. I just want to see a PL hattrick for once \ud83d\ude05
At the beginning of the season some people were giving up on him and suggesting that we cut our losses and sell or loan
Reminds me of when Ronaldo scored a bunch of braces for us before he finally got a hattrick. Hopefully Rashy can continue to emulate that form!
especially after what Walker did at OT.. enjoyed every second of it today.
It was reminiscent of the derby last year (maybe?) when KDB was pulling off shit like that
Why the hell not? The bastard was on tv!
Absolutely trash. Hope this guy\u2019s balls hit the water every time he sits down to pee.
Hahaha I usually hate football Twitter but look at this:\n\n>The dildo with his mums body warmer on is going to get a chap from police and the fashion police.
Slight tear watching him take the ball from Soon and give it to PL debutant Parrot. He gave us McTominay and wasn't backed enough.
you make a really good point. the last 15 minutes were so bad for my blood pressure
I did a lot of pacing around the living room.
The scenes if he wins it with Leicester after failing with Liverpool.
That would add another log at the Liverpool haven't won the league fire. \n\nBrendon Rogers got fired, went away got hired by Leicester and won the league.
Easier to fix. Honestly the reason we struggle against lower teams is our midfield. 1 or 2 signings will bring us consistency I swear on my life. If I'm wrong you can mock me forever.
Exactly. Fred can work hard but he isn't going to open up a deep defensive line. Pretty obvious shit. Ole has proven himself as having the tactical acumen to succeed at the top level in my view. Now time to be given the tools.
or getting Pogba back in good health. then the signings need to be depth pieces. Or we need to give Garner and the other kids some meaningful minutes, which is what i think we'll do, save the big money moves for the summer.
That's not due to a game plan. That's due to literally not having the players to prize open deep defensive blocks. Ole has proven himself to be given the money to get a midfield in my eyes.
Right but then that just proves what I said about the tactics working against big teams because we don\u2019t need to unlock those defences. When the midfield isn\u2019t very good, there are other ways to create chances like stretching the pitch and getting the CBs involved in the build up
We were paper thin in midfield though and if not for a couple of individual errors would have won both. I think the benefit of the doubt has to be given for those games.
But Mctominay and Fred did play against Newcastle and Bournemouth. And we had a midfield duo of Mctominay and Matic along with Mata in the hole against west ham and we scored a grand total of zero goals in those games. We still look very shaky at the back and our set piece play on both ends of the pitch are absolutely horrendous. \nEven today there were individual mistakes that fortunately didn\u2019t hurt us. I remember Lindelof giving the ball away to sterling in a dangerous place and we almost conceded from there. It\u2019s great that we won but we need to stay grounded. Let\u2019s see how we perform in the next 4 games before concluding that we\u2019ve turned a corner
True, but 2 more wins like this and ppl start thinking that winning against city and liverpool is enough
he has very bad stats in saving penalties
You're not wrong, best wishes! My lad watched the last 5 mins from behind the sofa.
Didn't realise, so I do, awesome!
This is a goldmine
I think Klopp is worse. Man puts out a nice character when winning but when they lose the sour grapes and nastiness comes out
Agree with you on Klopp, at least Pep didn't try blaming the wind or us getting injuries for their failure to win
Yeah, on paper he has such an immense team. Hard to grasp it can lose... I'm happy though!
Will totally agree with you on Mata.
Ahh, yes, one bad match and he's dogshit.\n\nI've definitely seen you commenting here.
\u201cAnd has been wank all season\u201d yep, one match.
Doesn't want a person in a cool room telling what the ref to do.
also thinks rashy kicks Bernardo and it shouldn't be a pen haha
I agree that Pogba is one of, if not the most technically gifted players on our squad, but is he willing to put in the work off the ball to help with the press for 90?
Most importantly, it will be a huge boost vs bottom table sides hopefully. To break them down, we'll need his creativity.
Yeah. But he doesn\u2019t have the hustle defensively that Lingard does. And appears to have better link up with our front 3
If Ole can get \u201clazy\u201d Tony to help with the press, can he teach Pogba too?
Mcsauce can cover for him when needed but his offensive contribution outward any defensive fuckups
You do know we've been a pressing team the whole time we've been here and our best form was when Pogba was played further forward. He presses more than Martial (I know he's not that type of player but it stands)
 Pogba didn't play as a 10 for us. It was a 3 man midfield where Pogba went much higher when under possession. Our 10 this season is often the one furthest up the field when we don't have possession pressing the opponent backline.
He CAN play that, but the counter looks much more lethal and defense more solid with a 4-2-1-3
It was but the fact he\u2019s carried on is just bloody joyous. Many a player can have a cracker and then dip. This lad is serious
yeah, i thought it would be 3-4/1, i normally only bet 10/20 per game but had a feeling about this one, odds were too good to not go a bit bigger. xmas presents sorted :D
I mean he adds more to the team in general, not just today
Cautious optimism doesn\u2019t count in jinxes .... right ??
beanyman on youtube will upload them soon
Also guys who are a threat with long shots are pretty key.  Even if you don't score with them, if they're an actual threat it means they have to come out and close down, there's always a chance for errors, rebounds, and it means they can't just focus on two or three attackers.
Yep that's another one that you cab add, it's frustrating that we don't do any of these even though we do have the players to atleast overlap our fullbacks and have multiple men in the box
also quick sharp passing, one twos that can put someone through
Let's see then
Wont be for a couple more years before we can rely on Williams. He's a breath of fresh air but still raw and adapting his game to the PL
I like you
Thank you. Not many do!
Even if our form was bad until the end of the season it'd be the same thing.
Yeah it's ridiculous. The merry go round of managers IS the problem that IS causing the underperformance. You have to give managers time to build and judge over years not months or weeks.
I\u2019m sure half of manchester (maybe more) were ole out. Please stop with this elitist mentality. I know many from Manchester who were ole out much earlier than 2 weeks ago.
100% on that last bit. I know it\u2019s just rumours but I think Pogs is fit enough to play but we\u2019re just not playing him to maintain an established first team before he goes in Jan.\n\nHe\u2019s in his prime and it\u2019s quite clear United isn\u2019t a good fit for him, he needs a different team and I hope he finds better fortune elsewhere
I don't think he's delaying his return, I feel he honestly isn't fit enough. But it looks like Ole is keeping his tactics in a way that Pogba isn't going to be able to be at his best position of an advanced 8. We are constantly using a double pivot even when he plays, DLP, DMs and ball carriers suit there, not a Pogba type player (he can do it, but it isn't his best ability).
I wouldn't be surprised if Ole sticks with Fred and Scott as the DM's and let Pogba free roam ahead of them. Those two have a tremendous work rate and theyre starting to look good together.
Do you think we\u2019d run 4-3-3 when we really haven\u2019t seen to play it all year? Don\u2019t know if that might be due to our lack of midfield options or if Ole really fancies that CAM position
Is it really a lack of options when we've been playing 4-2-3-1 even during Preseason and were targeting Eriksen and Dybala in the summer.\n\nHe was left with 4-3-3 as his only option last summer because he took over midseason. There's only so much you can change so suddenly.
With ball the shape can be 4231 with Pogba as CAM and without ball it will be 433 . This will help to get a compact shape in MF with quick transition upfront utilizing the pace of James Rashi and Tony.
It would be negative for us if Pogba played 10 today because most of the time we didn't had the ball. Off the ball, Pogba is a liability if you compare him to Lingard.
While true, Pogba also has the ability to send our wingers 1 on 1 from anywhere, anytime. (see the CHealsea game). \nHe's also not bad at defending.\n\nCould perhaps try Pogba in a 10 and Jesse in a false 9?
The way we played today with a 4-2-4 with a front four diamond, I thought that Jesse was the weak point in terms of us creating chances as James and Rashford on the wings we phenomenal, Martial was great up top, and Fred and Scott were excellent deep.  If that is the kind of shape that Ole wants to use going forward (at least in big games), then a better no. 10 (like Eriksen, if Jose doesn't need him) could help with controlling possession and linking the speedsters up top with Scott and Fred.  \n\nIf we go back to the 4-3-3 with Pogba occupying the left channel (his best position), that puts Scott as the pivot and Fred in the right channel creating a classic 4-(1-2)-3 style 4-3-3, which tends to be used by more possession minded teams.  So, I'm not sure that is the best shape for the other players.  I think sticking to a 4-2-4 or 4-2-3-1 or 4-(2-1)-3 (whatever you want to call today's shape) is worth exploring against some of the smaller clubs with the ability to change shape at half-time if we can't create chances like we did early against City today.
You\u2019re kidding. I would definitely prefer Paul over Lingard in the 10 spot. Whenever Fred or Scott won it in midfield, it would simply be release James or Rashford, or give Paul the ball and let him pick out the forward pass. This is an absurd comment.
You\u2019re kinda misinterpreting my comment a bit. I\u2019m not saying I wouldn\u2019t prefer Pogba to Lingard. What I was really trying to convey, is that we\u2019re doing okay without him in this kind of situation (facing big 6, having fewer possession) from what I seen. My concern is that Pogba sometimes has the tendency to stop play and slow the tempo down with his dribbling, but I might be wrong, maybe in United this season, he\u2019d finally find his groove like the one he had with France in 2018.\n\nI REALLY miss Pogba when we\u2019re facing a lesser team where we\u2019d expect to have a lot possession but not having the ability to break the shape of the opponent. Having a quality passer, and  strong dribbler such as Pogba will definitely helps us a lot in that situation.
Nope. The no 10 in this formation is supposed to press and trigger the press. Pogba doesnt do that. Need to find some other way to fit him in.
I agree, the system might not suit Pogba in the 10 because of the need to lead the press, he doesn't seem that type but who knows maybe he'll thrive in it? Ole is not stupid, the midfield pair are working fantastic, why would you break them up? But also he knows that the midfield needs rotation, Fred and McT cannot play them all so expect there to be some rotation in the midfield and front in 2nd half of the season especially if we continue the cup runs. I love McT and Fred as a 1st choice pair they compliment each other so well! Imagine Herrera beside them in a 3? My god!
No!\n\nPogba doesn't have the press Lingard provides. It's not as simple as fifa. Pogba isn't a 10.
Pogba had the most ball recoveries out of all of our midfielders last year. Pogba can press just not as good as lingard but he can press
They were comparing Fred to a monkey: [https://twitter.com/Luke10men/status/1203388343976894464](https://twitter.com/Luke10men/status/1203388343976894464)
Disgraceful but not surprising.
He's the red
Get out of here with that \"not real fans\" garbage. Everyone is entitled to their opinion and can be a fan however they want. Stop gatekeeping.
Fuck off and I've been Ole in for a few weeks now.
That's my whole point; you don't take the results at face value as there are deep reaching changes being made to the club by Ole. A rebuild with a young squad takes time and inconsistencies are to be expected. Can't be asking for his head every time a result doesn't go our way when he has mitigating factors. \n\nEither you stick with him and let him see his plan to fruition or you sack him now and someone else comes in with his own changes bringing us back to square one. Be fair to him, how many games has he had his first XI fit and performed really bad? Maybe a couple at most. Also quite a number of games, we had chances that were not converted before we conceded and lost/drew so it's not all on him. \n\nHow can you be #OleOut when he's moulding an academy talent into our midfield general, another into a prolific forward and an unsung hero signed from the Championship into one of the bargain buys of the season.
He shut down their entire attack on that side. He\u2019s unreal. Sterling is checking his mirrors on the drive home to make sure AWB isn\u2019t behind him.
My biggest concern now. Im not worried when we play against the top 6 but the other 14 is where we will drop points the most. Its like reverse moyes. Good against the bottom half and BAD against the top half, its just the opposite lol
Some moron doing monkey chants to Fred and Lingard
The guy with the red sleeves here:\n\n[https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/50701717](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/50701717)
I saw they threw lighters and shit but monkey chants? Fuck me lads that\u2019s terrible.
All he did post game was blame their loss on injuries
Yeah heard it
He sorta takes his way to the refs looking at it on a screen yet hasn\u2019t admitted it was a penalty because it was a coming together. Which would imply that Silva is playing the ball
Mate, look at how young our team is and how we do not have a good number 10. As we mature and as ole gets some players those dropped points will be wins. It takes time and the right players, which ole still doesn't have
That nutmeg was everything!
Tbh think he really thrives on a settled companion in mid, which he gets from McSauce. Exactly what we've needed hardwork and pressure in the middle.
I'm having a go. The Ole out crew. The Fred, lingard, Shaw, Young, etc etc etc are shit crew. And in the next breath Ole is at the wheel, fred is fucking ace etc etc. For fucks sake next time we lose it will be Ole out. Its infuriating. Ole in FULLSTOP.
Mourinho really had to go - the players were done, he was done, it was all done.  Van Gaal certainly got a raw deal...but I'd be lying if I said I miss the play we had under him.  So stodgy and boring.
Look, I really don't know but Mourinho was moaning about not having the defenders we needed then we sack him and go out and spend a fortune on two new defenders over the summer. Just what he wanted. I think there's a strong case that we'd be in a better position with him right now... but yeah he may have lost the dressing room and last year Ole was a breath of fresh air at the start... but we ended up outside the top 4 and this year has been very bad for most of it. The key things now is to get behind Ole and give him time to build.
YOU MAKE ME HAPPY
WHEN SKIES ARE GREY
And I couldn't be happier with that. A top team knows when to attack and when to soak up the pressure, and more importantly, how to.
Have you never had an opinion that turned out to be wrong before?
Too many mentally fragile people is what I've concluded
Some of his interceptions it looked like no one was even close to the pass & he\u2019d fly out of nowhere to get a leg in the way, ridiculous.
Agree with you both, playing CAM he has less defensive responsibilities and the defende - attack transition will be smoother, plus, he can have those long range efforts
I agree mate
tbh i disagree on being back in the top 4 race. the midfield and attack needs a serious upgrade. rashford pogba and mctominay are the best players atm right now, others are either inconsistent (martial), or just shit (pereira).
I think we have been doing a better job scoring against teams that sit back but for the life of us we can't keep a clean sheet atm and we are dropping points for it.\n\n12 points dropped from a winning position.  Those points are already haunting us and we arent even half way yet.
I meant more so table-wise, like we are in a position now where we can get top 4 again, but you\u2019re right we are seriously lacking in areas but when Pogba is back he could make the difference
Narrow wins, do people here ever stop complaining? Neither win was narrow, we thoroughly deserved both and were the better side in both with A WORSE TEAM on paper in both games. We've gotten our best performances since Fergie under Ole, he's improving players, and he's introducing and developing our youth, people just want instant fixes, give it a rest.
Do people ever stop with the hyperbole? I don't mean narrow as a complaint, they were factually narrow wins. Why does every view on this sub have to be so extreme? \n\nYes narrow, we won both games by 1 goal. City dominated possession and pressed us most of the second half. They could have scored at any point and no doubt you would be here defending the draw in the same manner. If we didn't have the penalty against Spurs, it would have been a draw too. \n\nI am not talking about instant fixes. OGS has been in charge for almost a year and we have just had the worst start in 30 years. We've won 2 away games all season. Get a grip. Amazing what 2 wins does to some fans, almost as though you have not been watching this season. \n\nI also fail to see how those 2 games were our best performances since Fergie. Again with the hyperbole.
with this squad, i just don't think anything relevant can be accomplished this season.. unless the right players are signed in the winter
Daniel James pust a lot of low crosses across the face of the goal every match. A poacher type forward and a midfielder who gets into the box finishing off those crosses could add atleast 10 more goals to the team.
We also just need someone with the vision to make defense splitting lofted through balls to runners like James and rash, when teams are parking the bus. Rakitic can give us some of that magic Barcelona touch Which could finally get us over the hurdle of defeating shit teams consistently.
James had an overall good game but his crossing still needs work. A few times he put the cross behind his teammate because he simply doesn't look up before hitting the ball.
We really need a player like Rakitic or Thiago to break the low block of lesser teams. We have a lot of runners in the team. But we need players who find those little pocket of spaces.\nI am talking about what Silva does for city.
Thiago Silva would also compliment Santan Dave's (one of our big fans) song named after him
Out of all these players the most suited to our system are Witsel and Pellegrini. But Dortmund won't let Witsel go. Pellegrini however is evolving very fast. He can play long, he can play short,has a good shot and can make a tackle or two.
Yea for real
ARE YOU FUCKING SURE???
ARE YOU FUCKING SURE?
I agree amazing game. I couldn't believe people before hand wanting us to lose to get of Ole.
Are you going to give ole some breathing room then ?
Idk anymore tbh till the end of the season I guess it\u2019s just that Poch is too good to ignore , Ole is learning on the job and I think the players are behind Ole in a way we\u2019ve not seen from other managers
City's?\n\nseriously that was just very good
We need an artist in the front four. A Pogba, Eriksen ,Isco, James type of player that See's passes others can't.
And man utd rejected the idea of visionary passer like Bruno because of risk taking!
It's partially on him too, it's his permanent job now. We all know that it needs time and money to fix but it's only come down to his tactics to stop the gap until then - until we get one or two world class playmaker in the squad. Pogba could potentially be one when he's back but I'm not convinced though.
They weren't sitting back. They were actually outplaying us and actually had more possession and chances. Who's fault was to rush our best playmaker for Rochdale? Who's fault was it to sign no centermids again?
Mate, they were ~~three~~ two nil up. They weren't attacking us anymore. And especially after our first goal. Get it right. \n\nPogba was not rushed back, he was not reinjured. If you actually read and don't play into the the subs narrative you'd know.\n\nI really hope you're not the same kind of idiot who says Ole isn't responsible for James, Maguire and AWB. And to answer your question. Ed. \n\nOr do you think he magically transformed and stopped doing all the things that pissed Mou off? 4 seasons in a row we have made *strictly* 3 cash purchases. Yet somehow you don't detect a pattern forming?
Truth is that ole lack a little tactical ability compared to mourinho, pep and Klopp. But that doesn\u2019t change the fact that we lack quality. \nAlso the truth is that just saying to players that you go and play counterattacking doesn\u2019t bring results. Ole had a good tactical hold on game yesterday. He made us play high line in the beginning and forced city into mistakes in first 30 minutes. Also he changed the plan to low block as he saw city changed to counter that. His in game management was good and tactically he Outplayed pep. So for armchair specialists like us to talk about his tactical ability is stupid.\n\nAlso you can\u2019t blame ole for everything. It\u2019s three parties involved when an injured player returns. Medical staff, player and coach. If a player is rushed back it is as much the fault of medical staff and player. Rooney was always itching to play half injured, medical team had to advise fergie to restrain many times. And blaming transfer on him is ridiculous. He has always said he wanted midfielders. \n\nOle has yet to prove many things but don\u2019t go giving wrong Arguments mate. I hope an extended run of injury free first team pays dividends.\nI was against sacking mou and I am against sacking ole. Because truth is that a manager needs some time to prosper. Sacking and chopping hasn\u2019t brought us anywhere and it won\u2019t bring us anywhere if we keep doing that. Ole needs time till end of season at least.
Haha, we got 3 points that\u2019s the main thing
Exactly,  great result.  The boys were pinned back for basically the whole of the second half.   They put in a shift and a half.  Fair play to them.
Yup, that was a brain fart from lindelof, apart from hat he was really good tho
I'm not saying to sell him, bit imagina that AWB is not there to cover his error.. I think we would have lost.\nTo the top matches we need a top top defender
He gets European football definitely
We need not only good players but experienced ones.  That's the catch though....
As long as all our players are fit, we are a decent side, the big problem now is the depth. Still we desperatly need a midfielder.
Yeah sorry man.... today we should just celebrate this incredible win.
No time for rational answers mate. Save that for tomorrow. I'm on cloud 9 right now. (but I agree with you we need to be better and will be once we have a proper number 10)
Pogba\u2019s contract expires in 18 month. If he doesn\u2019t want to stay we may as well get some money for him whilst we still can.
Get rid
He\u2019s outcoached the strongest tacticians in the game in his tenure here, so \u201ctactically inept\u201c is not the reason we cannot beat lower level teams. \n\nLack of quality, lack of skill etc. there can be many reasons.\n\nBut let\u2019s push a different narrative now :-)
If we can beat City and Spurs, who both have world class players in their team and definitely better players compared to the lower level teams, why can\u2019t we beat lower level teams?\n\nWe just beat Spurs and City with that squad yesterday. Why couldn\u2019t the same squad beat the likes of Sheffield and Villa?\n\nIt\u2019s not about lack of quality, lack of skill etc. It\u2019s about tactics. \n\nWe can\u2019t break down any opposition who seats back and allows us to have the ball.
FUCK OFF
That's what I meant. Not meaning to shitting on the parade. Trust me.
Oh no. Not shitting on any parade. My bad.
But I'm saying I have watched the video though, and that it isnt clear to me. This video anyway, is this not the right one?\n\nhttps://www.google.com/amp/s/www.thesun.co.uk/sport/10507647/man-utd-fan-arrested-fred-racist-city-identified/amp/ \n\nI'm not a sun reader btw it was just the result I chose on google. I'm going to great lengths to make it clear I am completely unsympathetic to this prick if it's clear that is what he is doing, but I'm truly just trying engage critical and objective thinking, please do not misconstrue my intentions as racist or apologist.\n\nEDIT: Just to add I, at the time, myself said to my friend I thought I saw it live but was a bit drunk and got on with watching the game so I couldn't go back and see what happened.
Non Google Amp link 1: [here](https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/10507647/man-city-fan-racist-monkey-gestures-arrested-man-utd-fred/) \n \n\n \n --- \n \n^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot.  ^^Please ^^send ^^me ^^a ^^message ^^if ^^I ^^am ^^acting ^^up.  ^^Click ^^[here](https://medium.com/@danbuben/why-amp-is-bad-for-your-site-and-for-the-web-e4d060a4ff31) ^^to ^^read ^^more ^^about ^^why ^^this ^^bot ^^exists.
I hear you. Find this video rather inconclusive myself. But surely there wouldnt be this much talk if there was nothing to it. Glad to see appropriate action being taken anyway.
As red as Fred.
He's genuinely becomeing a top 4 midfielder
James was waiting for him to drive and so he can hit it on first touch.
Lol ok
Absolutely, didn't think of it from this perspective but you're absolutely correct. His absence has forced us to get creative without him which we're finally seeing in the team. His addition now will only bring us to the next level.
I know, Woodward needed to do better this summer but it hurts seeing Pereira fuck up chances. The drop-off between him and the rest of the attack today was incredible.
Literally anyone who can run and press. The guy is just not PL league player. It's not like he contributes so much, that it would be risky to play youngsters at the position. It won't be risky at all.
Okay but I\u2019d argue he\u2019d be more composed on the ball given he has more first team experience. You can\u2019t just throw a youth team player on the field to end a game trying to kill off one of the best teams in the world
Haha nice! Good to hear man. I always play him in PES and put in extra effort to make sure he plays well. Hahaha.
Is PES good?
Spelt is also right though..
No, not it is not.\n\nEdit: googled it, huh, TIL!
It is not wrong
There was never a point in the game I felt comfortable. Always felt like they would score and draw at the least. It never felt like we were \"winning\" even though we were up by 2.
who does feel comfortable vs City anyway?\n\nWe had better and more clear cut chances than City.
Why are you expecting to feel comfortable away against one of the best sides in the world?
It wouldn't be fun it would be comfortable, now would it? That's the whole fucking point..\nYou're playing the best team in the world and you want to win comfortable and have a relaxing evening watching a game?
I wasn't comfortable against City when we were dominating the league simply because anything can happen on derby day. It's the same with Liverpool and Leeds. We have beaten those teams when they had better players and we've lost when we had the better players. Its football. Anything can happen.
I don\u2019t think many fans of away teams go to the Etihad expecting to get all three points
Exactly. But there\u2019s always a \u201cfan\u201d that just wants to shit negativity, and downplay our progress
Ty my guy
Np, fully agree with you. For 80m you expect a game changing defender for example van Dijk. Guess with our Manu tax hes actually only worth 50m. Might be extremely negative rn but I truly hope he starts improving.
I know, just voicing an opinion. I'm Stoked Manchester is RED
I sometimes feel like people purposely forget our shit perfomances against weak teams because then they would have to question the quality of some of their favourite players and the manager .
He isn't right, he is talking nonsense. How is this proof for any of his two points?
I am being geniune, my best friend is a Utd fan
I both upvoted and downvoted you to keep things perfectly balanced
Oh well whatever who cares about internet points.\n\nTBH while it would be quite disappointing and frankly, unlikely, that Liverpool will bottle it this time, a Leicester win will at least be better than an Oil Slaver money FC one.
No. That was really shitty performance.\n#oleout
Shit performance. Beating city away 2-1????\n\nMate did we watch the same match or are you just a fucking troll
He'll only get better. He's unorthodox in a lot of ways but he's got bags of goals in him. He hasn't really played in this position for a long time, perhaps never really, without interruption and with that kind of faith shown in him.
His hold up play has gotten to an acceptable level for a premier league striker, to the point where we have something to work with. His finishing ability is quality as shown by that sketchy wanger today, his movement when we have the ball just transcends all possible understanding. I don't know if even moving his positions would make sense. Running to the corner of the box and then standing 12 yards outside he box watching while players repeatedly put balls across the face of goal is so bizarre. And the bog standard just straight line runs through the middle of players trying to counter attack is fucking weird as well. Or just not even getting forward at all like that one where Rashers spannered it 15 yards wide on the attempted curl. Like I said, weird as fuck player. I spend more time trying to understand what the fuck he's doing than needs to be when watching professional football.
To fuck up counter attacks and get into as shitty attacking positions when we have the ball as possible?...... okay then
When did you feel like building a statue for LVG?
Everyone was gassed after his great start (Martial streak of goals) also him beating Arsenal with kids with an amazing moment (when he dived onto the floor). \n\nMourinho probably Europa League Final/Juve win.  \n\nUs fans (including me) are always fickle, when we win we are happy. When we lose, it's someone's head.
You are from a country with the most laughable fan culture on the planet. When your team is about to lose in playoff people start smiling and dancing because they film them on the big screen. What a joke.
Ok, weird generalization. \n\nI just think it shows how narcissistic you are that you don\u2019t value fans who started following the team 7 years ago. Saying \u201cthis is not for you\u201d just makes you the absolute biggest douchebag
I honestly thought De Gea could have come out and challenged it a bit. I know that\u2019s not usually his thing, but left me wondering. Thoughts?
Lindel\u00f6f made a massive save, and a horrible pass. Should even each other out. I feel the partnership with McG is improving.
Agreed.   A great team effort.  No one should be singled out in a negative way.
Could come 10th every season for the next decade and Manchester would still never be blue.
Are u suggesting result HAVE gone our way??
Have you looked at the table and our results before about two weeks ago mate?
He\u2019s absolutely brilliant on the counter that\u2019s why he\u2019s always been a big game player. Like it\u2019s hard to say we are better if you take anyone out of that team for pogba (in a game like this one).
I think Pogba would help against smaller sides that sit back against us.
Pogba is 10 times the player lingard is. If Lingard can just play up front and do damage by waiting for the ball so can Pogba who easily shrugs off players or dribbles past them, has better shooting and passing and strength to play with his back to goal of he needs to. Lingard isn\u2019t particularly faster either. Pogba rapidly covers distances when he\u2019s got some space for those long strides. \n\nIt\u2019s not even close.
Course it's fucking obvious Pogba's the better player - however, Lingard thrives in games like these. I'm not suggesting to play Lingard over Pogba, as they play totally separate roles.
Damn, why didn't we sign you for \u00a350 million instead?
I know right!
They got Laporte to replace Kompany but he's injured now
They bought Laporte midway through Pep's second season though, I'm not sure if he was ever meant to be a Kompany replacement.
Laporte was there well before Kompany left. They only had Laporte, Stones and Otamendi going into this summer; should've seen this coming.
They got Laporte to replace Kompany but he's injured now
Atleast Liverpool have history behind them.
Happy Cake Day. I am not going to condone that action but Racist abuse is the worst form of abuse. Law will deal with all who break it.
Agreed. Both Liverpool and City fans are scumbags who deserve the shit they get.
He did, yeah.
Notice how renowned civil rights fighter Raheem Sterling didn't do a thing there? It's all for show and his personal Woke^^TM brand.
Ikr that clown was just standing there
Don't worry, Pep is gone after this season for sure.
Getting Sancho would be positive, since it adds top quality rotational options up front
obviously. we are desperate for options up front. if anyone gets injured, we are back to lingard or mata on the wing
Yep, Ole wants his attacking players to interchange positions throughout the game anyways so that's good.
We'll have to play 433 then. James and sancho overlapping each other. And spiderman can swing in from time to time.
I think sancho would be replacing the lingard spot tbh and you let all 3 in rashford/james and sancho run whereever they want. Dont think we are in for sancho though tbh.
They were leaving Walker behind to stop our counter-attacks with his pace. He's a big offensive outlet for them.\n\nThey moved him up again at the end, which is why we started getting close to their goal easier again.
I don't want to dig in on the players, and I can't after what we've seen in the past two matches...\n\nWith that said, in some of those games, I just can't imagine the tactics were things like, don't complete a pass, make sure we don't move the ball quickly, run at defenders and try and pass the ball through their shins, oh, also, concede comedy goals from errors and pathetic losses of possession.  \n\nWe're literally a few missed penalties and individual mistakes from being in \\*2nd place\\*.  And I really mean that.
I don't really focus on penalties that much because managers don't make entire tactics with the aim of getting penalties that's just insane. My problem is that our problems against weak teams are never really addressed time and time again. Why does Ole allow players to keep doing this type of dumb shit unless they are part of his tactics or he can't get them to stop doing these silly mistakes and that's a limitation of him as a manager.
Especially after Pogba missed a few earlier in the season
Maybe poor is a strong word, he was average at best.
When you grow up and understand football a bit more you might get what I\u2019m saying. For now I\u2019m not gonna bother explaining it to you
I was making a joke, you sanctimonious prick.
One thing. If it the pee is reliving, ~80% win. Doesn't, makes no difference.
Ohhh\ud83d\ude05....\nNow i get the meaning of those inverted commas
They released a statement saying those fans will be banned indefinitely and are working with the police
Fergie would never allow how to waste the chances he does. Look at that sitter he missed.\n\nAlso dude as much as i'd like Rashford to be world class, no. At the moment he wastes so much, He wastes a lot. This sub could name a hundred player n 5 mins easy who they thought would be world class.
He doesn't waste that many chances. Have any stats backing that up? The Reason you remember it is because he gets so few in a team which struggles to create them.
Hah! Yea I wish. Definitely not.
Very true. Every time Liverpool play City you just know theyre gonna batter them because they know exactly how to play against Pep, who will be too stubborn to change up his style. Do they even have a plan B?
Those pointless high crosses was plan b, not very useful when your front like is all under 5\u20197
True enough. We need a lot more depth to maintain consistency, but I think the emergence of Fred and McTominay since the start of the season indicates that we have the pieces we just need to put them together (with a few other additions)
Fred specially! If he can keep this up we'll be a lot better off in general. His play during our counter attacks is great.
[deleted]
I don't think it's the same sort of struggle though. We did really well against lower blocks under LVG at times, specially at home. I remember us looking really good whenever Carrick played and while we were nowhere near lethal on the counter as we are right now, we still had a very clear gameplan of what to do in the final third(which is not to say we didn't have a ton of issues getting the ball there. we so did). We're looking more shakier against these defensive teams than we ever have imo. We need Pogba fit ASAP and then a creative CM to partner him with if we're going to continue playing him deep(which we really shouldn't). Otherwise we can play him as a 10, and get an actual DM, either would be fine by me.
Sacking Ole for Poch would be unwise. It would absolutely kill the morale of this team, which is clearly trending upward. I don\u2019t disagree Poch is an objectively better, more proven manager, but context is everything. These players are fighting for Ole and have faith in him, and we are still without Pogba throughout all of this.
They fought for Jose too (remember Newcastle?). Personally I think the ideal scenario is to reach out to Poch and say \"the job is yours come the summer, but we're letting Ole finish out the season.\" But if Poch doesn't want to wait then you bring him in now. Poch is too good to pass up again, especially since Ole simply isn't good enough.
Cheers then
I don\u2019t mind NBC at all. Pretty neutral in comparison to other streams and commentary. Not always great, but I find them mildly entertaining at least.
This is still largely true though. Leeds, Norwich, Southampton, Sheffield United and even Brighton all do have clearer defined styles of play than we have. They don't have as good players as us but you can tell the way they play is a direct result of the coaching style. Obviously it's a balance but yeah with us, beyond counter attacking football you really don't know what you are going to get in the average game.
There are more sides to the story than just \"no tactics\". Most reasonable critics of Ole think he is a lower league manager whose sole tactical strength is counterattacking football which is why he has and will continue to perform against big teams that leave us spaces in attack. Two results against big teams hasn't exactly changed anything, in fact the two draws before Spurs and our overall performance this season has actually strengthened that argument. Which is Ole is tactically good against big teams and bad vs teams that defend compactly. \n\nBut you keep holding on to specifics and argue against an opinion few people have if it makes you feel righteous and happy.
> But you keep holding on to specifics and argue against an opinion few people have if it makes you feel righteous and happy.\n> \n\nUm, ok, don't what this is reacting to... \n\n'Ole has no tactics' is the number one opinion on the out crowd. \"few people have\", gimme a break. So it's not granular to focus on that is it? \n\nHave you considered, counter attacking is our \"sole strength\" because its the *squads* sole strength? Ever given one iota of consideration he trying to play to the squads aptitude? \n\nPeople say we have no 'Plan B'. What players is it that Ole is failing to utilise to make this perfect plan B exactly? You tell me who he's failing to get the potential out of? Completely missing this tactical golden goose that is just waiting to change our fortunes.\n\nWhatever your opinion, you absolutely can't tell me the way he sets up is completely wrong for our squad. *That* would be lacking sense. Not capitulating draws on individual errors.
I agree, with Pogba in the side I think we'd easily be pushing for top 4 right now. Add another creative reinforcement in midfield and we suddenly will go up a level I think.
Pogba McSauce and Fred isn't world beating and is still probably the weakest of the Top 4 (Fred is the weakest midfielder of all those teams imv) but it is a damn sight better than Fred and Pereira which is no better than midtable. \n\nGet a world class midfielder to play in-between Scott and Pogba and we got a team.
We've tried Jose and Van Gaal who are two very very good tacticians. Indeed they are world renowned. They struggled too. There's a reason they struggled.\n\n Stretching the pitch doesn't work against a deep block that is happy to let you have the flanks. Ole has tried this s because it's obvious. A ball palying defender is used to compliment, and isn't an antidote in of itself.
I appreciate your level headedness and I agree to be honest. I'm just acting somewhat in response to the negativity. But you also have to remember to give credit where it is due, Ole has a phenomenal record against the top 6 which suggests to me the problem is more to do with our creative options when we can't find the space to play.
And Lingard has been so, so much better. Hell of a point.
I felt like he played quite a bit further than Herrera. If I'm wrong then maybe the 4 3 3 should be our formation when comes back
If I remember correctly, Herrera and Matic worked defensively while Paul pushed forward. It looks like it could be similar to Fred and Scott. One major difference now versus last year is the addition of Dan James and a more unified press from the forwards
Yup, the system we play now is quite different to what it was last year. However I'd advice not to shift play style for a player who doesn't even believes in the project. He wants to leave so I'd rather Ole focus on building a team for the long term by getting an actual starting AM soon.\n\nWe need to prepare for life beyond Paul if he didn't has any intention of signing a new contract
The overlapping fullbacks is getting better.  Williams isn't just good at overlapping, that dude is a real threat running into the box, especially after he showed off that wonderful finish.  Shaw is kind of ok at everything.  Young has a pretty good cross, except he has to cut back on right foot.  Bissaka has kind of weak crossing, but I actually think when he runs at defenders he's more of a threat, and he's caused some mayhem with passes back behind the defensive line in the box, rather than crossing in front of them.
Why would you Jesse has a false 9, Martial is available as a 9, who can drop deep, bit still stretch the defense?
Meant against big teams as an option, something to try
I think jesse is a great optiom to have on the bench. His pressing and quick feet is great as an impact sub.\n\nThe starting squad should include pogba rashford martial and james. Hopefully in a 4-3-3
> My concern is that Pogba sometimes has the tendency to stop play and slow the tempo down with his dribbling, but I might be wrong\n\nYou\u2019re not alone, I think the exact same thing.
Yeah I agree, Paul would help us break down the low block that lesser teams. But I strongly disagree  with the big 6. We definitely need Paul against those teams. He creates chances out of nothing and has goals in him, as we saw last year. There were times where we really struggled in the City game, particularly in the 2nd half finding the pass to release us onto the counter attack. That\u2019s where Paul would have helped immensely.
When Ole came in the top 4 was an impossible dream...until he went on an impossible run, it wasn't, and we were in it until the last day - which also had a lot to do with 3-8 all deciding it would be best to let somebody else have it, to be fair.  \n\nI'll also admit that Jose was right, we did need more defenders.  However, he'd bought loads but wasn't playing them, and then to make his point, he was playing Ander Herrera and Scott McTominay at CB.  He was throwing away games to make a point, and that was about his ego, not results, and not the club.  When you're making decisions like that for your ego and *hurting your team* you have to go, whether your underlying point is right or not.
AND ALAN SHEARER
WAS FUCKING DEARER
> City dominated possession and pressed us most of the second half. They could have scored at any point\n\nAnd we could've scored 5 before half time. \n\n>If we didn't have the penalty against Spurs, it would have been a draw too.\n\nBut we did get a penalty. How is this an argument. This goes both ways, if we converted our chances, we couldve put many more past them. We've outplayed our past 2 opponents with a worse squad and theres reason to be optimistic.
But we didn\u2019t score 5 and yes we did get the penalty but couldn\u2019t get more than 2 goals and be out of touch. More to the point, tell me more about why you feel 2-1 is not worthy of being called narrow. The 2 games before this we were outplayed by newly promoted teams. What do you call those? Have you only become optimistic now or are you one of those OGS can do no wrong kind of fans?
As if having more possession and pressing us means they automatically deserved to win or played better than us \ud83d\ude02. Go look at how many games we've had more possession and pressed the opponent this season. Were you using that as a defense of Ole too? Jose Mourinho literally said that we deserved to win, and that we were not just better but \"much better\" in the first half. You're clueless man.
> means they automatically deserved to win\n\nRe-read what I've said. I did not say they automatically deserved to win. I said we won narrowly but you are so deluded that you think it was a demolition job.
Dont get so fixed on the 'worst start in 30 years'. Our squad is thin and key players were injured - that counts for something, its not all on Ole. \n\nAlso, despite this start we are in 5th place, 5 points from chelsea.
> on the 'worst start in 30 years'. Our squad is thin and key players were injured - that counts for something, its not all on Ole.\n\nWould any other manager get that excuse? Once fans just begin to accept poor results, we become a lesser club. I'm glad we beat City and Spurs because that eases pressure on OGS and avoids us going into calamity by sacking another manager, but results don't lie and shouldn't be ignored. I suppose we will see how everyone feels at the end of the season.
When teams are playing with low block, its required to use combination play to find spaces and break the teams defence. With low block its easier to defend against those lofted balls as there are more bodies to defend. We have three players who can be expected to do that- Lingard, Pogba and Fred. \nWhat I mean is constantly moving off the ball is required. Mctominay will have to add that to his game.\n\nPereira is absolutely shit at this. He is completely not suited to this game.\nI am talking about a player in the mould of Modric or Thiago Alcantara.
Idk if you're joking, but he meant the Spanish Thiago from Bayern
Yea nah I was joking but I can see how it was taken seriously tbf
>they were 2 up just saying
oh yeah, brainfart.
That\u2019s what I mean, they put all the effort in and it\u2019s just a shame they conceded from a corner.
Yeah,  you\u2019re right, actually.  But I don\u2019t care at the end of the day.  A win\u2019s a win.  I\u2019m sure you agree.
Because of many reasons. There is no one factor. It is not black and white.\n\nAlso what you are saying is untrue, there have been many times where these lower level teams have played better than us eg bournemouth \n\nAs for teams that drop back, we don\u2019t have players technical enough to produce enough clever interplay around these teams that sit back. A lot has to do with a young team that needs more experience and also the fact that the one really creative player we have has been injured all season. (pogba) \n\nHaving a good team with a different variation of players makes a huge difference. \n\nPs Spurs sat back against us too for large parts and and we outclassed them.\n\nNot everything is down to tactics all the time.
Yeah exactly, I just wonder if everyone moved immediately to condemn the man without really considering the narrative might be incorrect. I'm not saying the guys innocent but if hes gone to the police himself he must be confident. Trial by Social Media. Terrifying.
Well, I can be bias here, but it seems like every time he gets the ball, attack is just gets much slower. He can't do quick and right decisions simultaneously. Either will lost the possesion or think for a deacde and lost momentum.\n\nPlus, if we're talking about this game - I'm pretty sure he lost ball more times than he give a succesfull pass. That's kinda far from being composed.\n\nAnd about young players - you never know, until they play. And about Pererira qualities we know enough, really. He's just can't play here, sadly.
I don\u2019t disagree, I\u2019m just unsure if I trust a youth player to kill off the game. I do think it\u2019s harder than people might think
Yup better than FIFA I feel. More arcade like and of course not by EA.
I'm trying to collect the United squad on PES. Just need Rashy, James, Maguire and De Gea
>spelt\n\nBritish English vs American?
Was it entertaining? Fuck yes!\n\nBut as a team, we have a ways to go.  We got smashed 6-1 at home to City. I want pay back of equal magnitude at some point.
Patience, grasshopper...patience..
Ok guys. /s\nThought that was obvious
Truth hurts.
Yeah man I guess. \n\nAlso soccer fan culture is worse than anything in America. American fans aren\u2019t racist, homophobic or have the hooligan mentality. You\u2019re guys\u2019 lives are so boring that you use soccer as a way to express you\u2019re ideological differences.\n\nOnly a Brit would look at my history, see where I\u2019m from and make a generalization about millions of people
Lingard doesn\u2019t \u2018thrive\u2019 anywhere. If Lingard fan play well without defensive responsibility then Pogba will play 10x better than that whatever the position.
Lingard has plenty of defensive responsibility, that\u2019s why it would be difficult to replace him with Pogba without changing the system. Pig a is obviously ten times the player Lingard is but in terms of pressing, Lingard\u2019s way better.
Sorry reddit makes me edgy
he wastes lots of chances and stats are not the  be all and end all. Look at the one he fluffed after the penalty. I'm not saying he's doing bad but he is nowhere near world class.
Show me an inside forward who doesn't miss chances. I'm asking for stats that back up the accusation that he misses any more chances than his peers in that position. In this context the data is the be all. He either is wasteful or he isn't.
[deleted]
I disagree that we'd dominate most teams if we just got Pogba back. At the start of the season we did struggle to break Palace and Southampton down, it was clear then that we had issues scoring against teams that let us hog the ball. \n \nOle really needs to fix our play in the final third and as i said before we need a DM too.\n\nI don't think we need both Madison and Fernandes, I'd rather see us sign one of these 2 and go for a proper DM with the remaining money.
The players weren\u2019t fighting for Jose towards the end.
>'Ole has no tactics' is the number one opinion on the out crowd. \"few  people have\", gimme a break.  \n>  \n>Have you considered, counter attacking is our \"sole strength\"  \n>  \n>People say we have no 'Plan B'.\n\nCounterattacking football is a tactic.\n\nFor a plan B to exist there has to be a plan A.\n\nSo you've just admitted by proxy that Ole's critics do think there is a tactic and a plan A. You made a statement that you've proceeded to contradict within the next 2 sentences. Is \"Ole has no tactic\" still the dominant opinion of the Ole out crowd or not? Make up your mind.\n\nI wouldn't say what Ole is doing is completely wrong, I just think some of it doesn't make sense and deserves to be talked about. For instance, loaning out Smalling and buying Maguire because we want ball playing defenders, only for us to be one of the worse teams in the league at building from the back. Deciding 4231 was the way to go when none of Lingard, Mata or Pereira are good enough to play as a 10. Not making it a priority to get a DM in knowing Fellaini and Herrera have left - that's not just a transfer but also a major tactical oversight.\n\nWe are ranked 20th in the league at playing through balls, you can't be telling me this is all down to personnel. Unless you seriously believe that our squad is so deficient that it's worse than the other 19 teams.
> So you've just admitted by proxy that Ole's critics do think there is a tactic and a plan A.\n\nOh wow what kind of gymnastics is that. Bore off with that bullshit, I'm not even going to begin to address such nonsense.\n\nI'm sorry, through balls are a tactical indicator!? I think you'll find that is every bit a personnel issue. Or do you think it wouldn't be different if Pogba was fit? \n\nYou talk about strange formation choices, you tell me which one would be more optimal, when all we literally have right now is Lingard, Mata and Co. Can't put them in a mid three either can you? \n\nWould you have been happier that we didn't get a RW in James and had a DM? How about instead of a RB, a CB? It's entirely down to Ed that we had only 3 signings, or have you not noticed it's been the exact same the past three summers? But I guess thats Ole's doing too huh. \n\nand who's fault is it that Herrera didn't stay. Was it 'Ole's poor negotiating team'? \n\nThere were so many gaps in the team this summer, he made his choice within obvious limits placed on him by ED. Are you going to tell me they were bad choices? \n\nThe revisionism over Smalling is astounding. He's been nothing but pilloried and scapegoated for 5 seasons, now he's gone it was a poor decision? I don't know what stat line show were the worst build up team, but look with your own two eyes and tell me its not in any way better than its been previously.
As long as Tony is healthy, he is a much better player than Jesse.
SO PLEASE DON\u2019T TAKE
MY SOLSKJAER AWAY!
You understand we were playing against the champions right? Our team is worse than there's, expecting us to be \"out of touch\" at their home ground is honestly just retarded. We're in 5th, 5 points off top 4 with our worst squad in ages and an extremely bad injury record. It's not a narrow win because we controlled the game and had multiple chances we didn't take. For how much quality city have they barely looked like scoring aside from the last 10 minutes. Our 3-1 win at Arsenal under Mourinho was a closer win than the game yesterday.
> It's not a narrow win because we controlled the game and had multiple chances we didn't take. \n\nWe controlled the game - ha. Thanks now I know you are trolling. Stats don't lie, they controlled possession and shots. Yes we had a good start but if they scored at any moment in that second half, most of us would consider it a decent result.
The same way that they didnt score even though you claimed they couldve at any time.\n\nIts a game, a hobby. The result doesnt impact my life and nothing I do will change what happens in the club so for me, theres nothing to gain stressing over it so yes I'm typically optimistic about it all the time.
> Its a game, a hobby. The result doesnt impact my life and nothing I do will change what happens in the club so for me, theres nothing to gain stressing over it so yes I'm typically optimistic about it all the time.\n\nThat goes for everyone - I just don't agree with blind optimism where we've played badly all season but after two games everything else is ignored. It's just a game but here we are on a subreddit still talking about it.
I get what youre saying but bad results should be considered with context. If Ole had a better squad then i'd be more critical but he doesnt have much to work with. \n\nPep is held to such a high standard but he's always had an amazing squad to work with.
i can't give you stats dude however you could pick probably 10 players who can play inside forward much better, thus he ain't world class for now. Again i don't say he's bad but he is nowhere hear world class. no?
Show me a 22 year old lad playing better than him right now. \n\nHe's outperforming Sterling on chances created, goal scored and I believe assists too this season. He's on it. But ye... A better young inside left forward right now...\n\n(He's outperforming Sancho right now too. Though granted Sancho is a bit younger).
Sancho, Haaland, Maddison and Partey:\n\nDe Gea  \n\nWan-Bissaka - Lindelof - Maguire - Shaw  \n\nMcTominay - Partey - Pogba  \n\nSancho - Martial - Rashford  \n\n**Subs:** Romero, Tuanzebe, Williams, Fred, Maddison, James, Haaland.
That would be amazing but let's be real, there's no chance of us recruiting that deep lol. \n\nAlso i think we'd be set title challengers if we could add a CB on top of all those players(perhaps a LB too since Williams is so shaky and Shaw is made of glass).
> Oh wow what kind of gymnastics is that. Bore off with that bullshit, I'm not even going to begin to address such nonsense. \n\nIt's not gymnastics to point out there is more to Ole criticisms than just \"no tactics\". Something you've contradicted yourself with with your references to counterattacking football and plan B. \n\nIf you can't even be honest and admit you were wrong, there is nothing further to discuss. I refuse to debate someone who starts off with a dishonest opinion and refuses to admit he might be wrong.
Funny that is all you are focused on. You should be a politician with such aptitude for invented bile. \n\nYes, by proxy, in a round about way I maybe, kind of, contradicted my argument, possibly. \n\nWhat a fantastic convolution. You know what, it's better that you end the conversation, nothing intelligent is gonna come from you.
lol, what are you deleting comments for.
Well that's it though i can still pick 10 better players. 22 is not necessarily world class which is what we are talking about. I don't think he is bad just lots of improvement needed. Just a question, would yuou honestly pick Rash over Sterling right now?
Ye it kinda matters what stage of development they are doesn't it.\n\nRight now I'd have Rashford over Sterling easily. You put Rash in that City team which would give him 10 chances a game, and he scores more goals.
Mate, he's ALWAYS been notorious for wasting/missing chances. Many times he seems incapable of lifting the ball off the ground for his shots/goals...even now! The only times he does so is from free kicks, and 9 times out of 10 it's the opposite...he can't keep them down! Add in that he has a head like a sheriff's badge and closes his eyes on header's and he's nowhere near \"World class\"! Been a fan of his since he arrived on scene, just hoped he'd have learnt to lift his shots a little before now.
No. Reddit is notorious for talking shit and not backing it up. If he is so wasteful then the data will show you he is. It's not an opinion. Is he any more wasteful than his peers requires a factual answer not bullshit \"think so\". \n\nHis shot conversion is one of the best in the league right now. You are factually wrong.
Don\u2019t want to contribute to more toxicity to this thread, there is no point continuing after the convo has gotten this ugly.
dude come on and get real, they came off back to back PL winning season and ALL of their forwards are much better. I agree the potential is there but also we are struggling to get into top 4 so lets calm down
Rashfords numbers and general play suggests something different. More goals, more assists, more chances created, better shot conversion, all in a less settled team. I don't know how anyone can come to any other conclusion tbh.
dude come on we are struggling for Europa League here
You just asked me who I'd pick right now. I told you and then told you why. You're now talking about Man City being a better team which wasn't what I was responding to.
na man I'm targeting your statement that eh would be world class and i'm highlighting there are many players better and so by definition is not world class
You literally asked me if id have him over Sterling lol. It's there. Read it back  but ok. As for there are many better... Without actually naming them. But cool.
As if there was any doubt
Yes
They don\u2019t actually believe that. They all know the truth deep inside
Could come 10th every season for the next decade and Manchester would still never be blue.
Enjoy the moment fella, absolutely buzzing.
Mate, I'm as happy as anyone but Ole was literally his appointment and is sticking by him while he could've easily already appointed Pochettino
Let's be honest, Ed would happily sack Ole if results didn't go the way they have done just to distract from the fact that he is responsible for the shambolic state of this squad.
\ud83c\udfc5
This is a standard Dan James performance, nothing new.
Mct and Fred double pivot with Pogba having freedom up top.. I can\u2019t contain my excitement
Someone might shoot me but it\u2019s going to be hard to replace lingard with pogba in these counter attacking games when he performs like today. His energy and speed getting the ball up is brilliant. \n\nI\u2019m sure pogba will make it work though. Has to bring some real energy there.
Lingard absolutely has a crucial role in games like today. I'm really sad he wasn't able to get a goal today because he played very very well. When people say he has no business in our squad show him games like this. He's a perfect squad player.
I completely agree with your fear. Personally I think we should use Pogba in the double pivot in big games for his distribution from deep and then CAM against the smaller opponents.
Words can't describe how much of an upgrade Pogba is over Lingard
I don\u2019t think pogba makes us better in a game like today. When we have a squad that compete and doesn\u2019t have to play 29% counter attack? Then yes of course.
In terms of technical ability, obviously. In terms of their role within the squad, Lingard's extremely useful in games like these.
To be fair Jesse, he's a right back, and not an overly physical one at that. I don't think he should have been picking up a CB like Otamendi in the first place.
I would have SMASHED him mate.
Two good games: fReDiSsAnCe \n\n\nLmao
hes been good for a month but sure keep talking out of your ass
Appropriate flair.
It's yo boi juicydicken....
Imagine getting gold for a comment like this ha
Thanfully we had big Dave
I was saddened because it felt like I'd get to see the \"closed on Saturday\"-meme on top of this reddit again. Feels like it was a long time ago.
EVERYWHERE YOU GO
Sensation of a panic attack creeping in.
I was nervous because we had trended towards giving them more and more chances, but for some reason I was surprisingly confident in the set up defensively. I was so hoping we could have shut them out at home.
Same. I thought here we bloody go again. Butthole unclenched.
Me too, I was panicking that we were going to capitulate as we've often seen over the last couple of years when we concede, but aside from that Mahrez chance shortly after the goal I never felt like we were going to lose the lead. Oh optimism, I've missed you
To think though their one goal was from a corner and de gea only had to make 1 save that wasn't a comfortable catch. We defended the box really well and city actually struggled to create
They bring on Mahrez for Bernardo and we bring on Andreas! \n\nThe audacity to say that they don't have depth or the team is not good enough, have to be a blind city fan to say such stuff.
Plus they bought a RB and a LB instead of replacing Kompany this summer lol, they only have themselves to blame for their defensive issues.
How dare you put Mahrez and Bernando in the same line with Andreas.
At home in a system they\u2019ve had for 3 years. Gtfo martinez.
Eternity is certainly shorter than I remember.
I hope they are but then again they can't afford to lose the attendance so I expect nothing from these fools.
My thoughts exactly
Yes they are but Ole has always been class so I am expecting him to speak about how good we played and how hard the boys worked for this win.
That's very true.
You were so spot on lmao
I'm ready.
Karate kid return
No need for him to bother, Ole's at the wheels
Full on sexy.
I mean you are a fidgety fondler, what else should I expect
Fingers crossed Brenda can still save the season
I mean he has experience in making sure Liverpool don't win the league
Also they are  classier imo. Fuck city fans, throwing stuff at fred. Bloody savages don't even deserve the bald fraud and his fraudsters.
Fans and players really, I have a harder time accepting Liverpool wins the league because of our history but they are classier from top to bottom.
Ahh right, the same classy Liverpool fans who smashed City's bus last year.
A lot of Liverpool flairs are trashing those City plastics on r/soccer threads for that \"behaviour\". I like it a lot.
Rightfully so. If our supporters started throwing objects or doing monkey chants aimed towards Mane or any other black Liverpool player, I'd be absolutely fuming as well. These \"fans\" deserve a lifetime ban from any football game, period.
I must've missed this story. Could you elaborate?
True. But Liverpool wouldn't exist as it is without it.
It depresses me that Pereira still plays for us in anything but the League Cup
tell me about it. every time i see 15 i know we going to concede
We'll have Haaland/Martial, James/Sancho and a new CM to come off the bench next season:  \n\nRomero, Tuanzebe, Williams, CM, Lingard, James/Sancho, Haaland/Martial/Greenwood.
And a better first 11
It'd be amazing
Let's smash them at Anfield and give Leicester the title then!
Kinda worried about Everton and their new manager bounce too. They just slapped Chelsea 3-1.
But if they try and play attacking football we should beat them comfortably, it's the ones that sit deep we can't break through.
I think it\u2019s coming now McSauce is back.      \nThe easiest way for us to break teams down is to pass the ball to them and let them have 80% possession.       \nBut seriously we\u2019re flying at the moment. We should be picking up at least 9 of those 12 points.
Probably not back to 100% fitness. Mahrez was having some success against him. Good call to bing in the veteran Young to close it out.
He was dead after all that. Great game by shaw and great time to throw young in. They were attacking that side all game.
A City fan was seen making monkey noises at Fred
Shame
Apologies, I'm Australian and our A-League VAR/refs have been very trigger happy calling anything that touches a hand/arm/shoulder/fingernail in the box a handball.\n\nI'm just expecting to not see interpretations of the rule that I actually agree with, so today's game was a pleasant surprise!
They would eat the shit right out of Pep's arsehole if they thought it might make us retch.\n\nThose are City fans for you
*Rednaissance*
De Gea  \n\nWan-Bissaka - Lindelof - Maguire - Shaw  \n\nFred - McTominay  \n\nJames - Pogba - Rashford  \n\nMartial  \n\n**Subs:** Romero, Tuanzebe, Young, Garner, Lingard, Mata, Greenwood.
Will be amazing. Hopefully he's ready for next weekend.
We need to score from setpieces too.
I think that was more on AWB getting outmuscled though, he should have done somewhat better there.
Momentum is a bitch even to the strongest. Ottamendi just rammed through like a bull.
He should not have gone out of his line, but there was no way he would\u2019ve caught that cross
To be fair, set pieces and headers have always been Dave's weak spot, and I agree. Can't fire Ol\u00e9 after 2 amazing performances against City and Tottenham.
No. A couple of midfielders &/or Sancho/Haaland and we'll comfortably make top 3.\nUnless you meant it's a joke to think Ed will buy anyone
Not to mention the bottle throwing at Fred.\n\nStay classy always, City. Fucking cunts
Also fans were chanting racist shit at Fred
And racist abuse
Bottles, lighters and coins. Scum as f
The problem with these players is that none of them are childhood city fans, they only care about the money not fighting for the shirt. Took Chelsea years to build up kids like that, it will be the same for City. And they don't play youth anyway.
I actually feel kinda sorry for Foden. Keeps getting strung along by Pep as \"the future of City\". Phil probably thinks he's gonna be a regular starter once Silva retires.\n\nThat is until Pep goes and spends 80m on a new centre midfielder.
How can you say they don't fight for the shirt when they won record-breaking back to back Premier League titles? They are having a shite season this year by their incredibly high standards, but to say they only care about money is absolute nonsense.
>completely fair play\n\n*all city fans up in arms looking for a call from the referee*
The Liverpool hate is based on a rivalry of becoming the best. City cheated the system.
Yes sir, I been a Liverpool fan for 25 years, always dread every Utd goals...\n\nToday I celebrated two of them.  We have more respect for your team than oil money fc
Careful what you say there fella, you're implying you have any respect for the bin dippers at all
0 is still more than -10000 I guess
It\u2019s bc like I said they\u2019re a bunch of mercenaries. They don\u2019t have any identity or team culture to rally themselves. They have no idea what it means to come together as a team and do something special. They\u2019re a manufactured football team, it\u2019s disgraceful
Admittedly I don\u2019t follow them especially closely so I wouldn\u2019t see them having fun outside of football but they do seem a dour lot.
Wow lucky you! Safe travel! \ud83d\ude09
Price elasticity of demands?
We need some perfectly inelastic goods
SAF was always better as CF but did a job at RW.
Always rated him.
I agree that he's getting used to it. But he's much more comfortable and lethal when he played on the left for us and Wales.
he's nailing the spot down and by the end of the season, I wouldn't mind having a player comfortable on both sides. adds more value to his game
Amen brother
Really glad we got Dan James instead of another, more notorious Welsh winger
He creates tons! This is one of the next puzzles to solve, actually converting on these chances he\u2019s giving our forwards.
that will come with time and experience, the more the team plays together and learns each other's movements. They'll learn to anticipate his crosses and cutbacks, he'll become familiar with their runs and movements
Absolutely. And Andreas is not the answer lol
second this
I could see the players just getting a little tired after half. City's line fell a little farther back too, but you could tell he wanted us to be up by 3 or 4 at half. They're getting better, just not quite there yet.
I wouldn't mind that lad called Sancho as backup to Dan James... \u00af\\\\\\_(\u30c4)\\_/\u00af
Honestly tho, even if Sancho came in, it would be unfair to bench James with his form all season.
after gw 20
31st Dec
GW 20 I heard
WE\u2019VE GOT DAN JAMES PAUL POGBA AND FRED
MARCUS RASHFORD'S A MANC BORN AND BRED.
I don't think Pep shut down the counter attack, our players just got tired and we don't have the subs to maintain that play style.
After 30 minutes something definitely changed. We weren't cutting through the midfield as easily. But I couldn't figure watching live exactly what it was. As I said before though, I do think city looked more dangerous offensively during that first 30 minutes too, they didn't actually have many clear chances through the rest of the match.
Our wide forwards dropped deeper in the second half to help the FB's, and City started to make more tactical fouls. It was gonna be hard to keep up the counters, I think we realised that and had to give them less space. We were defending well today anyway.
I know, I'm just reacting to the win.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 fair enough
Did you somehow miss the first half? Or did you just see the last 10 mins. City were completely outclassed.
Ole ball led to 2 goals, Pep ball led to 1. I call that outclassed. This time at least.
He fucking outclassed him mate. I don't ever fucking care. I love you all
The quality difference between city and united is quite obvious though.\n\nUnited won Today due to tactics, not quality. \n\nThey were structured in defence and leathal in counter attacks.\n\nYou gotta give the manager credit for this.
Why doesn't everybody just win against City away if it's that easy?
Like I said we have players better suited to counter attacking football than probably any other team in the premier League. Only Leicester I think comes close because of vardy and Liverpool as well.
Mate, they don't though.  Everybody tries to bunker in completely and keep them out.  We played a risky game keeping as many guys high as we did in the first half and good parts of the second.  We only bunkered once everybody started getting really tired, and it isn't a coincidence that we conceded then, and gave them control of the match.
I agree Ole switched it up and pushed numbers high up in the first half and it was balsy as fuck. Im just not quick to call Ole a tactical genius and such. Weaker teams have gotten the better of us a lot in his tenure.
Will agree with you. Midfield is crucial for the team and when you don't have good depth you can't blame the Manager. But unfortunately a lot of United fans don't understand this and have argued with me against Ole. Scott and Fred are slowly becoming crucial part of our midfield.
Unfortunately, we don't have enough depth in our squad and that is why we can't develop a good plan B and we are constantly being plagued by injuries which makes it tough for us in our games as we are not left with too many players to change the game.
I mean I have always trusted Ole. He is tactically not bad, we saw it in the Sheffield game when he turned it around in the 2nd Half. The last couple games in which we didn't perform were without Scott and this shows how crucial a good midfield is and why we need depth in our squad so that we can have good substitutes when a Plan B is needed against teams that park the bus.
I wonder if that'll change when Pogba is back
It won't. Rashford is on pens now.
Not a chance.  Putting Pogba on penalties was one way to placate him last season, pens means more goals means more goal bonuses etc.  \n\nNow with him flirting so openly with going elsewhere I doubt he\u00b4ll be accommodated as much, especially since he\u00b4s been injured and needs to perform for the rest of the season to market himself to the kind of teams he wants to join.
Ole doesn't have too many options, to be fair. Taking off Tony was sensible considering he missed the last game due to injury. From the options we had on the bench, Pereira is the best at pressing, so I can see why he did it.
Yes but he defo needs Mc terminator with him to bring the best out of him
No he just needs any semi-decent midfielder most likely. Pairing any CM with Pereira probably won't end well, since he's just not a CM. It gives Fred so much more work to cover in midfield.
The 2 games he played with Pereira he was poor
I dont think he was overly poor, but he couldnt make up for having periera next to him in a 2 man midfield. The way Ole has us playing in what is basically a 424, the 2man partnership is pretty key to allowing that frontline the freedom to do what they do.
He wasnt really. Pereira's poor game didn't rub off on him. To say he was poor is disingenuous.
He's been playing well for the last 6 or so games with and without McTominay. Even against Sheffield he was deccent
But that Pepe deal maybe worse than Sanchez ffs he\u2019s on 200k a week too I think...
Afraid not, it was when he went to them after ft
Who isn't in his pocket at this point
Tackle man gets paid.
Domination mate.
Man made us all smile countless times and he deserves some himself!
Amen.
No need to be rude now is there, the lad didn\u2019t actually do anything bad
Yeah it came out different that what I expected it to be, which was just playful banter (thus the emoji). Sorry!
The good old screwing till it pops up.\nI think Pep could help me with that LMAO
With all the experience he's amassed by being screwed over this season.
Im just trying to be funny
Lmao as was I you salty bois
That\u2019s the brilliant move by solskjaer. He\u2019s put Pogba in a corner, not relying on him to win. Forcing pogba to be motivated to even be considered a starting XI player.
Yeah, what a great strategic move by Ole, winning games. Absolute masterstroke, how did he come up with that
God I hope he\u2019s motivated, against the not so good teams we might actually have a chance of breaking through.
Just updated original comment with a short video mate
We did it without a bench.
OLE outclassed PEP & MOU in just 4 Days.
Was a beautiful site mate. The players love him so much
One thing. If it the pee is reliving, ~80% win. Doesn't, makes no difference.
Check his post history, but basically he holds his piss in until right before the match and then let's the torrent loose and it's won every match so far iirc
\ud83d\ude02
If my pee before the game is very reliving, we almost certainly win. PSG was the most reliving pee I had. I prepared by drinking water for 2 hours today and announced the results just before the match (go through my comments). Did the same vs Spurs.
You have to do it every game now...please
I think he's alive
fuck, this tickled me
I totally agree. We definitely aren\u2019t out of the woods. We need a CM signing or two this window. But I\u2019m talking about Pogba and the drama that surrounds Pogba. In previous seasons, he was indispensable. But now, he isn\u2019t as much so. I agree with the other people on this thread, Pogba is a great player. But for all the drama his brothers and his agent gets, he won\u2019t be missed as much.
He\u2019s top class, there\u2019s no question about it. But If I were Ed, I\u2019d be looking at these performances that have McT and Fred in them and I\u2019d also look at the Balance Sheet, particularly the wage statement and I\u2019d be left with a pleasant conundrum. Cash in and buy a couple of good players or keep this bad boy? Bargaining chips would be on our side as opposed to Raiola have a chip on his shoulder.
Yep. I'm with you. I don't mind letting Pogba go to RM or wherever he pleases IF we can get a decent return on him and IF we can find Dan James (or Mahrez/Silva) like midfielder to replace Pogba.
Yeah, someone who is a huge danger from distance forces defenders to move out, which creates more space for Rashford and Martial
So would another creative CAM we could sign in January, who could perform consistently and go a season without throwing a hissy fit
Probably playing as a 10, in the position lingard played in. Especially against teams that have a low block, his creativity could help us break those teams down since we'll need that rather than lingards pressing.
No idea. Probably AM? He\u2019s got that creativity and those gazelle like strides but if Jesse (as shown in the last 2 games) picks his game up, there\u2019s no way any slot will open up for him. Displacing either of Fred or McT for Pogba would just be suicide for Ole.
Lingard works well off the ball pressing in this setup, but Pogba is way more useful vs a compact low block defense, bullying players technically worse and physically weaker than him (90% of the PL)
On the sidelines with a funky outfit making excess cheddar to sit there and cheer.
The problem for us in terms of getting the best out of Pogba has been how to get him the ball further up the pitch, so he can both up the tempo of an attack by hitting our pacy forwards with room in front of them to run into, for him to dribble into, or slow it down by spreading the ball out to the wide players or recycle possession by giving the ball to a player playing behind him. If he moves up into the 10/8 role, he will have that extra space. In addition it will be interesting to see what his introduction does to our xG stat.
I don't think so, he might not have been able to get wins against weaker sides but he has been unbeaten in matches against the top 6 this season.
Oh I agree with you. I\u2019m just mocking some of the things these \u2018fans\u2019 say.
I go to AFTV for the same reason people go to the zoo
Hopefully, Man United can have great Brazilian players in the future.
Looks like we have 1 in the making for certain already
WHY DON'T CITY FUCK OFF HOME
He had a very mature performance I felt. With him being out so long I'm able to see the contrast between him and the others. \n\nMaybe he just had a good game, but he's a lot more tidy and calmer than I remembered. I think he's going to cement that place in the coming weeks. \n\nI was never worried for him out there yesterday. Just quietly was where he needed to be on both ends of the pitch.
Not if we need to play against small clubs first in those tournaments!
I\u2019m not in the US. Nothing yet where I\u2019m watching. Was it confirmed to be racial abuse?
Understood...yes, it seems to be confirmed, and Ole commented on it.  So have City on their social media.
I was more impressed by the composure and confidence. Those nutmegs and control in tight conditions were simply sublime. If you had told me Fred would be drawing in players like de bruyne or walker just to nutmeg them, a month ago, I would\u2019ve called an ambulance for you because you surely must have brain damage. \n\n\nHis turnaround is one of the best developments this festive season.
Good for him.  And also good for you to change your mind on the guy.i honestly think we mustn't forget most of these guys are still very young
Yeah I don\u2019t like the players personally and those fans are scumbags, but as a club City has always been pretty professional so respect to them for that
Oh my bad, I thought you meant the players. Did they hand out some stadium bans or just speak out?
Because it would have only instigated the plastics and not done the game any favors
He's literally been one of our best players for the past 2 months. Both statistically and visually.
If Rodgers wins the league with Leicester his release clause will be HUGE!
Because it'll be Leicester Liverpool United Chelsea.\n\n\\#BaldFraudOut
Never thought I would agree with Pogba only being a decent backup, but you are right!
They should sign a midfielder this Jan.
Preferably yes
TAA gets exposed defensively because he is too attacking. I would rather have a RB that can close up shop
Sorry i don't believe that for a second. Fergie instilled a belief and standard into all the players and he was magic at getting thee best from players. Gary Neville and Keane had a great Q&A in Ireland and Gary basically said he had the standard that even missing one pass was a crime.\n\nHonestly Fergie had Danny Welbeck. (Danny fuckin Welbeck who can barely line up for a PL team now ) get a MOM performance against Real Madrid
We are now saying Rashford doesn't have belief? Have you seen his form these last 3 months?\n\nPut a settled team around Rashford and he'll be consistently world class. Simple shit.
But will it work if United play on a Sunday? \ud83e\uddd0
SAF: Listen laaad we'll stick you on every SAT and see how ye go OK?
Bernardo had to be subbed. Says it all
Think he's trying to refer to fans cheering their own players and then abuse the oppositions
I think they\u2019ve said in the post match they\u2019ve caught people on the cameras and the police are investigating.
Good on them.
Yeah! He's getting better with each game and confidence is growing. I don't want to jump the gun, but we've got some good momentum at the minute and I hope it continues!
Seems Ole's thing is December-February lol
Please bring in one or two reinforcements in January. Ole could use that little bit extra help to get him over the line for the season.\n\nGetting Top 4 would be huge, and we could see some really nice recruitment in the summer. If all that happens, the future is bright.
Aaaah, shit man I completely forgot about that.\n\nIt was one the coolest tricks of SAF. Back then I knew he does this trick and won many bets from my Chelsea fan friends.\n\nThanks for the reminder mate! Hope Ole has some tricks up his sleeve too.
I know exactly what you're saying, and I agree, but I'm talking about The Board and the bulk of the fans. Doing Mou & Pep back to back has really favorable optics. It will also spark a lot of flattering articles in the papers.\n\nWhat that means is, it will alleviate a lot of the pressure, and he'll have that little bit he needed in order for Woodward to take is finger off the trigger. It's these kinds of big wins that make Ed cream his pantaloons.\n\nIt was already going to take some major fucking up (ala relegation) for Ole to get sacked. He was very securing before the season started, and after these two wins he is guaranteed the rest of the season. I'm not arguing whether that will be good short term or long term, I'm just stating what I predict will happen.
After this and Spurs game, I think you should be at least 1% Ole in; 99% Ole out
Yeah, three points v City is the same as three points vs Watford.
100% agree. The worst thing Woodward could do is to watch these two games and be content with the team. If he is serious and gets at least one or two players in January, then he'll give Ole a real chance for the rest of the season. And since he goes on about the plan and the culture and backing Ole, this would make that job a lot easier, and make the summer a lot easier for the following season as well.\n\nWe need Pogba back and we need a little help. Ole has shown that he actually does know a thing or two. Beating the Top 6 is no small feat. I give credit when credit is due.
lmao ive been singing you are my Solskjaer.
I actually was responding to someone this week that was saying how James was not good. I was like, wtf.
Sure it wasn't \"He's not good.... he's incredible\"?
Ole and the coaching team need to sort that shit out ASAP
Pogba is key to breaking that low block IMO\nAnd a prime mata
Smaller teams who dont do low blocks like Brighton and Norwich also get punished. Pretty simple how to stop United actually, but i guess not every team can do it.
Pep may be a bald fraud, but he\u2019s certainly a purist in his style
a $100 bet on united would have netted you ~$430
Hopefully it's clear now that much of our struggles have come from the fact that key players being injured. Minus Pogba, I think we had our best starting eleven out there today and it showed. Bringing Pogba back in will fix a lot of our creative attacking problems against weaker teams.
I don't think it's as simple as that. We did struggle against a lot of defensive teams at the start of the season with all our starters fit too. We need a defensive midfielder and another creative CM imo.
Also depth. \n\n75 mins in against Burnley at old Trafford, 1-1, what weapons do we have on the bench to turn the tide? Mata, Andreas, Greenwood? We need January reinforcements, we need a chicharito, a solksjaer, and eventually another RW who can bag goals and let us use james off the bench, he would be so good for closing games.\n\nNot to mention that as much as fred and McTominay are absolute engines I'm worried we will run them into the ground. They are both required to play 90 mins at a high intensity every single game
[deleted]
Us (Ole \"haters\") were specifically called out. Take it up with the guy who started it. I was more than happy to enjoy this game before my opinion was called out.
Pogba might be the difference. Let's find out
A lot of that is because we don't have the right players.
We score goals now though. Even against shit teams.\n\nSeems like a much more managable feat to work on not letting them in.\n\nToday, United seemed structured defensivly.
Of course they do. Come here after a loss and you'll see.
I mean considering the depth of this team and no Pogba....
Who expected Leicester to be doing this well?
Imagine not trusting the process
For now we are bad , but it wont be forever I hope
This would have at 50 upvotes about a week ago. This sub changes on a dime.
Yup. Hats off to Ole he got it spot on today and I love to see us winning, but Pochettino is one of the best managers in the world and if we have the chance to get him we absolutely should and not make the same mistake we made last year.
That faint to the right sent 3 city players out for a hot dog.
Whenever it was... he had a boring period. Now he looks amazing.
Should be banned for life
Hopefully/probably will be.
Just like how we were happy Liverpool didn\u2019t win the league last season. Tbf Livarpool are very beatable the stars have just been aligned for them.
lol yep. they've been massively out performing and teams give them far too much respect on the pitch imo
Not 100% sure but I think Gary said on Sky something about racism has increased in last couple years?
Last 3 years, as in since brexit. But he made a comment on the people of talent remark i guess.
We've got greenwood, pogba, and fred....
MARCUS RASHFORD HE'S MANC BORN AND BRED
We\u2019ve got Fred, Fred, and Fred
Marcus Rashford just turned 22, Anthony Martial just turned 24, Daniel James 21, Aaron Wan Bissaka 22, Mason Greenwood 18, Lindelof 25, Maguire 26, Luke Shaw 24, keep in mind Manchester United are playing with youngsters and/or academy players that are still years away from their prime.
I wish I could upvote this again
everything..just the way he talks
He was saying stuff under his breath all while 'looking' polite at the final whistle. Ole kept nodding his head cause he wouldn't stop talking
Of course, I'm not trying to downplay that. Just attracting attention to the step up in quality our two CBs shared today, is all.
and i\u2019m just adding to your comment. dint mean to disagree at all. shaw played really well
Dont think Shaws ever been massively criticised for this defensive work, mostly his lack of attacking. Good to see him put in an assured performance, now its up to Williams to show what he can do against AZ.
Andreas was fucking amusing .
He was great!
In quite a Long time actually - fully focused for a full game
It was worth it to see that smile from Sir Alex <3
He was even relative quality against Villa, one of the best on the pitch imo (not a high bar tbf)
Yeah he was rightfully critical of them at times even though you could feel how badly he wanted them to get back into it.
Exactly. Dixon has been very good when speaking about us, especially considering him being a City fan and an Arsenal player. He has grown on me.
Funny thing is I think having players that can unlock low blocks will then open up the games and we will actually improve our goal difference because of it.
Hope so
No one will listen here \ud83d\ude02
City has released their official statement and they have mentioned that they are working with the Manchester Police to identify the people who were seen in those videos so that legal action can be taken against those.
Yea piss off mate
Absolutely this. Somehow we've made it a 3 way for 4th with Chelsea and Spurs.
That chase on Sterling after Lindel\u00f6fs mistake was insane
Announce Sancho, Haaland, and a new Pogba contract. \n\nAm I doing it right?
Yes.
assuming pogba wants to stay.
The first two yes. If pogbas attitude is still shit then get rid. I still think we need to spend big on midfielders. If mctominay gets injured we\u2019re screwed, he\u2019s the driving force of the team now. Fred is becoming a Kante, so we need back up players for those two as we have no one at the moment. Then we need a creative midfielder (unless pogba can up his game and stay consistent) to produce a bit of magic against teams who have everyone behind the ball and we will then need a backup for that creative midfielder. Another top class CB to compete with Maguire and lindelof and we will be very strong.
Well let's just hope he gets thrown into that number 10 position. If he isn't, I hope it truly is Jessember.
it would give ole the chance to play a 433; more options
Because they defend with two banks of 4 on a low block. We haven't figured how to beat that yet.
This is [low block](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRVXo22dX0Q), so 4 players organised close to outside penalty area or penalty arc and 4 players inside penalty area. Interesting.\n\n[Low Block Analysis-One of the major differences between Liverpool & Manchester United](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO7jnPOCXfY)\n\nVision, accurate passing, ability to read the game, versatility and inventiveness are important.
I literally say zero about Ole in or Ole.\n\nLiterally said we struggle against smaller teams.\n\nSaid literally zero about our seasons form. \n\nThe question is **why?** Undoubtedly Ole has made mistakes, but you want to tell me that's the only reason?\n\n\nWe are of course off pace this season, but; where do you think another manager could take us with a midfield of Periera and Fred?\nWithout Martial for a long stretch, without Pogba most the season? Shaw is treated with much dubiousness, but you saw how mature he looked out there yesterday compared to Williams. \n\nMissing your first choice players isn't going to help a team flourish is it now. Especially one you surely won't deny lacks heavily in areas.\n\nIn any case, I don't know who envisaged anything other than a fourth place finish for us this season. Yet, we're not allowed to be buoyed that were making up ground on that goal? Please.\n\nI swear, some people would be happier that we be in Arsenal's state right now. At least they'd be vindicated in their wallowing.
We have good players. Fast pacey players.\nAgainst low block teams we need somehing else. Creativity.\n\nOr just Pogba.\n\nWell see.
The people jumping up and down proclaiming how right they are for supporting Ole after 2 wins are just as reactionary and toxic as the fans who want Ole out after a loss. \n\nIt's a shame they will never see this though.
How right they are? \n\nI believe I was pretty specific on my subject matter. Ole having 'no tactics'. People around here claim that he has less than championship level aptitude. I've seen someone say Hassenhutl has a 'clearer style of play'.\n\nYou explain to me what it is then? If Ole is still total shit and we are 'reactionary, what's the reason behind these wins. Whats the reason behind our top 6 record under Ole. \n\nMore than anything; individual errors have cost us points.
Supporting our manager is toxic? It's also not reactionary if your support has never wavered.
I think with fred and mct partnership in full swing you dont risk messing that up. Play him as part of the front 4, if theres an injury to mct or fred then he can drop back in.
Lingard and Pogba have completely different roles. Lingard is vital against top 5 opposition
am i crazy for thinking we may be able to get 3 points against liverpool
We could. It depends how they approach the game.
Not at all. We\u2019re really close to get 3 points last time.
Dear rashgod, don't let us lose to relegation fodder....
Wouldn't have expected the results, that's for sure
I would.
Considering two of those sides were Jose's Spurs and Pep's City, would probably have taken that too.
Yes, but you have to realize how well he's doing to create these chances, while still being 22 years old. He's only going to get better with age, and I think he has the LW position locked down.
Main difference.  He is on the left and he just tortures opposing full backs.  The movement amongst our front line is what heats up our attack and I just think Rashford is more comfortable starting on the left to drift center than vice versa.
Agreed 100%. I just want to see a PL hattrick for once \ud83d\ude05
At the beginning of the season some people were giving up on him and suggesting that we cut our losses and sell or loan
Reminds me of when Ronaldo scored a bunch of braces for us before he finally got a hattrick. Hopefully Rashy can continue to emulate that form!
especially after what Walker did at OT.. enjoyed every second of it today.
It was reminiscent of the derby last year (maybe?) when KDB was pulling off shit like that
Why the hell not? The bastard was on tv!
Absolutely trash. Hope this guy\u2019s balls hit the water every time he sits down to pee.
Hahaha I usually hate football Twitter but look at this:\n\n>The dildo with his mums body warmer on is going to get a chap from police and the fashion police.
Slight tear watching him take the ball from Soon and give it to PL debutant Parrot. He gave us McTominay and wasn't backed enough.
you make a really good point. the last 15 minutes were so bad for my blood pressure
I did a lot of pacing around the living room.
The scenes if he wins it with Leicester after failing with Liverpool.
That would add another log at the Liverpool haven't won the league fire. \n\nBrendon Rogers got fired, went away got hired by Leicester and won the league.
Easier to fix. Honestly the reason we struggle against lower teams is our midfield. 1 or 2 signings will bring us consistency I swear on my life. If I'm wrong you can mock me forever.
Exactly. Fred can work hard but he isn't going to open up a deep defensive line. Pretty obvious shit. Ole has proven himself as having the tactical acumen to succeed at the top level in my view. Now time to be given the tools.
or getting Pogba back in good health. then the signings need to be depth pieces. Or we need to give Garner and the other kids some meaningful minutes, which is what i think we'll do, save the big money moves for the summer.
That's not due to a game plan. That's due to literally not having the players to prize open deep defensive blocks. Ole has proven himself to be given the money to get a midfield in my eyes.
Right but then that just proves what I said about the tactics working against big teams because we don\u2019t need to unlock those defences. When the midfield isn\u2019t very good, there are other ways to create chances like stretching the pitch and getting the CBs involved in the build up
We were paper thin in midfield though and if not for a couple of individual errors would have won both. I think the benefit of the doubt has to be given for those games.
But Mctominay and Fred did play against Newcastle and Bournemouth. And we had a midfield duo of Mctominay and Matic along with Mata in the hole against west ham and we scored a grand total of zero goals in those games. We still look very shaky at the back and our set piece play on both ends of the pitch are absolutely horrendous. \nEven today there were individual mistakes that fortunately didn\u2019t hurt us. I remember Lindelof giving the ball away to sterling in a dangerous place and we almost conceded from there. It\u2019s great that we won but we need to stay grounded. Let\u2019s see how we perform in the next 4 games before concluding that we\u2019ve turned a corner
True, but 2 more wins like this and ppl start thinking that winning against city and liverpool is enough
he has very bad stats in saving penalties
You're not wrong, best wishes! My lad watched the last 5 mins from behind the sofa.
Didn't realise, so I do, awesome!
This is a goldmine
I think Klopp is worse. Man puts out a nice character when winning but when they lose the sour grapes and nastiness comes out
Agree with you on Klopp, at least Pep didn't try blaming the wind or us getting injuries for their failure to win
Yeah, on paper he has such an immense team. Hard to grasp it can lose... I'm happy though!
Will totally agree with you on Mata.
Ahh, yes, one bad match and he's dogshit.\n\nI've definitely seen you commenting here.
\u201cAnd has been wank all season\u201d yep, one match.
Doesn't want a person in a cool room telling what the ref to do.
also thinks rashy kicks Bernardo and it shouldn't be a pen haha
I agree that Pogba is one of, if not the most technically gifted players on our squad, but is he willing to put in the work off the ball to help with the press for 90?
Most importantly, it will be a huge boost vs bottom table sides hopefully. To break them down, we'll need his creativity.
Yeah. But he doesn\u2019t have the hustle defensively that Lingard does. And appears to have better link up with our front 3
If Ole can get \u201clazy\u201d Tony to help with the press, can he teach Pogba too?
Mcsauce can cover for him when needed but his offensive contribution outward any defensive fuckups
You do know we've been a pressing team the whole time we've been here and our best form was when Pogba was played further forward. He presses more than Martial (I know he's not that type of player but it stands)
 Pogba didn't play as a 10 for us. It was a 3 man midfield where Pogba went much higher when under possession. Our 10 this season is often the one furthest up the field when we don't have possession pressing the opponent backline.
He CAN play that, but the counter looks much more lethal and defense more solid with a 4-2-1-3
It was but the fact he\u2019s carried on is just bloody joyous. Many a player can have a cracker and then dip. This lad is serious
yeah, i thought it would be 3-4/1, i normally only bet 10/20 per game but had a feeling about this one, odds were too good to not go a bit bigger. xmas presents sorted :D
I mean he adds more to the team in general, not just today
Cautious optimism doesn\u2019t count in jinxes .... right ??
beanyman on youtube will upload them soon
Also guys who are a threat with long shots are pretty key.  Even if you don't score with them, if they're an actual threat it means they have to come out and close down, there's always a chance for errors, rebounds, and it means they can't just focus on two or three attackers.
Yep that's another one that you cab add, it's frustrating that we don't do any of these even though we do have the players to atleast overlap our fullbacks and have multiple men in the box
also quick sharp passing, one twos that can put someone through
Let's see then
Wont be for a couple more years before we can rely on Williams. He's a breath of fresh air but still raw and adapting his game to the PL
I like you
Thank you. Not many do!
Even if our form was bad until the end of the season it'd be the same thing.
Yeah it's ridiculous. The merry go round of managers IS the problem that IS causing the underperformance. You have to give managers time to build and judge over years not months or weeks.
I\u2019m sure half of manchester (maybe more) were ole out. Please stop with this elitist mentality. I know many from Manchester who were ole out much earlier than 2 weeks ago.
