Coming from 2 down and it still feeling like a loss.\n\n  \n\n\nJust United things.
Our inability to see games out is a glaring weakness, which hurts us every other game. God knows how many points we have lost from winning positions this season.
Ten points.
You can expect that from a young squad.
Tbf we had to protect the lead. Hindsight 20/20\nTheir 3rd goal was less so a tactical issue more a player issue
It's not hindsight.\n\nWe have lost ten points this season from this situation.\n\nWe are not a team good at protecting a single goal lead. We are however a team good at extending leads
Not in this case. We scored 3 goals in 7 minutes and had Sheffield completely stretched. Sheffield coming out to attack would've played even more into our hand by hitting them on the counter, which is our best attribute. \n\nInstead we kill all that attacking momentum, invite pressure and ofcourse we eventually concede the goal.\n\nTerrible, terrible sub.
In 'Leading' by Ferguson, he said he loved it when the opposition subbed an attacking player for a defensive one in the last few minutes. \n\nSaid it allowed the defence to step forward and pile the pressure on for the last few minutes without having to worry about defending as much.
The sub basically announced to them \"Come and attack we are now playing defensively\" before that we were pressing and winning the ball back fine. It's a textbook sub but considering our situation, it was not the right one to make
How many times this season have we the the team throwing away the lead?
We should \u201cprotect the lead\u201d. A killer instinct means we bury another one
And yet if Ole had left on 6 forwards and we concede the 3rd, we would've been blaming Ole anyways for not adjusting his tactics to see out the win.
Dropping historical knowledge on them
Terrible decision from Ole, showing yet again his lack of quality
We had Rashford, Martial, Greenwood, James, and Lingard on the pitch. Every manager would have made that change.
The lack of awareness on this place... jesus. You'd in for a shock if you think Poch wouldn't have done the same thing.\n\nThe only difference is Poch never would've played 4-4-2 in the first place.
His worst quality is that he never learns.\n\nExcept Leicester, everytime we sat back on a one goal lead, we have lost. Yet he keeps continuing to do it.
[removed]
>James, martial, Rashford, Lingard \n\nGreenwood too
[removed]
Calm down, mate.  Disagreeing is fine.  Having a go at people is not.
Pretty sure Klopp did this two weeks ago
Yeah, what the fuck was that? \"Oh shit, the squad is finally clicking and we've got the opposition on the ropes...lets change tactics and pack it in!\"
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Ed's given me a vote of confidence.
I think most people have accepted it. Hopefully the people that actually make the decisions related to this club accept it tho.
He is not good in any role
He is the best CAM we have barring Gomes.. but he has not played enough thanks to Ole. Abdreas should not be a starter.
I actually agree that this one on Ole, but what choice did he have? Play U23 or Andreas\n\nHard choice either way
Play the youth that he keeps talking about. Play Garner
THIS! Just hoof it in and hope! Thats how SU got their third goal was so upsetting to see
*Just Fred things~**
I truly just can\u2019t believe he\u2019s apart of our club let alone gets a significant amount of minutes.
Don't forget Ole and Woodward were the ones who were happy to extend his contract.
He just played 2 games
Thanks to our tactical genius we're stuck with both of them for a few years\n\nMeanwhile we sold our 3rd best defender over fucking Phil Jones and Rojo
How the fook did he start over Tuanzebe..
Just wait until he goes from giving 2/10 performance to 6/10 performance and people will be like \"Andreas is pretty good actually\".
Even as a CAM he is not all that great. He is going to be 24 in a few months as well, I hope we ship him out in the summer. He\u2019s not good enough to be here unfortunately
Andreas is shit period. He's not good in any position, just maybe slightly less shit in others
He's played CAM loads. He's just shit lol.
No, he can't play when someone wants to take the ball away from him. His decision making is awful and he clearly is out of his depth in Premier League. Stop making excuses for him, he simply is not good enough.
Lingard is embarassingly poor. He hasn't done anything for a year now.
He was actually decent this game. Smart enough to sit back when periera was taken off and made decent passes and runs. But yes hes absolutely useless lol
Lingard played well today
Who would you start instead? There's genuinely no one else.
Gomes. Garner.  I don't care.  He continues to start a player that is absolute shit and expects something to change?
Then start no one else. At least he won't pass the ball to the opponent.
Why didn't you stay away for the last 13?
Because I foolishly thought we would see the game out.
I mean come on. I'm Ole out as all of you guys, but you can't tell me you didn't celebrate Rashford's goal
Sure I did. And I expected to keep the pressure because Sheffield was all over the place, but we didn't try to finish them off.
I'd almost have rather we lost and it hurts to say that about my own team. But If we'd lost 3-0 instead of 3-3 the board might have actually taken action, the point we got does nothing for us and that one loss could've saved us the entire season and potentially future seasons as well because Poch might get snapped up before Ole gets sacked.\n\nShort term pain for long term gain.
This is an absolutely stupid opinion. There is no way poch comes right away because he himself might be looking for a rest and rushing him back into management so quickly will be detrimental in the future considering the reports that said that he lost his passion and his team talks became repititive. \n\nAlso what\u2019s up with everyone acting like arsenal fans and wanting to lose just so the manager can get sacked. I\u2019m still pretty neutral on Ole maybe inclining towards sacking him because of poch\u2019s availability but not now. \n\nAlso fuck the board for not buying any midfielders.
Disagree even if we had won it would not have masked over how shit we played. It would have been a scrappy comeback and that's what our team needs
Bringing on another attacker when you are trailing hardly qualifies as a genius move, it's the most obvious switch a manager could make.
If you put it that way then no manager doesn't do anything great.\n\nMason up top with martial with rashford on right and james on left meant basically whole front 3 shuffled about. It's not just a basic get a striker in. Our attacking shape went from 3 2 2 3 to a 3 2 3 2.
Hey I've a genuine question: what's the difference between a wing back and a full back?
Full back: you\u2019re more defender than winger, so you\u2019re slightly further back\nWing back: you\u2019re more winger than defender so you\u2019re slightly further forward\n\nWith both you still need to know when to go forward and when to stay back so experience doing one or the other counts for a lot.
Agree. When we went to a flat 4 he was better.
To be fair, he always looks like that lol
Walking the whole game anyway.
Exactly, don't agree with the sub, but bar a couple of minutes, he was dreadful for most of the game. Didn't look like he could be arsed to run around at some points. I can at least understand why Ole would take him out.\n\nWith that being said, I fully expect and want him to remain in the starting eleven going forward. We're horrific without him.
He looked like a couple more attacks from scoring and killing the game. There was so much space.
He barely touched the ball during the game
Didn't watch the game. What happened?
Greenwood has shown nowhere near as much as those three did in their early days
He's still younger than Rashford was when he made his debut.
What do you know about his attitude?
Somehow Martial being pissed makes him have entitled attitude.
Martial was part of the third goal setup..
Ok? He was god awful the whole game what match were you watching?
He had an incredibly basic 1-2 pass if we can call it that. \n\nThat's not enough to overlook the rest of the game he had
Ahh yes im sure you know him personally to comment on his entitled attitude \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Downvote this garbage he hasn\u2019t got an entitled attitude we should have chased the 4th calling wrong sub taking him off when he was getting the momentum going
Why do you need to tell people what to do?
\n> we need a real No9. \n\nI know this Belgian striker with 100+ PL goals who is currently tearing it in Italy.
I'm one of Lukakus fans but the absolute jokes of chances he misses because of his touch made it hard to defend him. Also he started talking about us to the media before he even left. Wish him well in Italy but Lukaku was never the kind of player to save our asses in one game.
Ohhh..you mean the one with the dinosaur touch..ye..yeah...about that
That said. Lukaku IS a better 9 than Martial.
Nah Martial is a lot better imo he just offers a lot more as a player
This is the same nonsense I've been hearing for years and I'm done. When we started this season the fanbase made it seem like Martial would be firing on all cylinders as he now has his 9 back. Martial might have the talent but just isn't anywhere near as productive as Rashford anymore. Might sound odd but Rashford has genuinely surpassed him in quality. James is even more productive to the team.  I cant even say I'm sure that Martial will end this calendar year without any more injuries. That's how unreliable he is.
Pereira looks like a Segunda Division quality player at the moment - Jones Championship too.
He\u2019s a bit better further up the field. I don\u2019t like him in a holding role at all. \n\nThat said, he is not united quality.
Certainly Garner should be given a run over AP imo
Lingard\u2019s been useless in recent months but today he helped get the ball and movement flowing. I\u2019m glad he came on today
This cracked me up lmao
There's something to be said about being decisive, tbf
Being decisive is good after analyzing your options. Rashford often doesnt do the analyzing part because he plays with his head down. \n\nOP is right for me, this is his biggest flaw and will hold him back from being one of the top players.
He assisted the 2-2 goal brilliantly
Think he means that Rashford often gets tunnel vision after he beats a couple of men
Periera just isnt a CM, he can play in the 10 role and press. But he cant play deeper because he gets muscled off the ball to easily let alone will give the ball away from wayward passes. \n\nWhile i dont think hes good enough for us, hes still playing better than lingard in the 10 role. So until we buy a new player to start there then its his spot.
I mean even at 10 hes shown his decision making isnt that great. So many times he holds onto the ball unnecessarily when he should release someone else and it kills us. Being better than Lingard isnt saying much at this point when Lingard seems to have lost any ability he had on the ball.
He's at a point where he's not a young talent anymore. He's 24 I think. If he doesn't improve by the end of the season I suggest selling him.
I think the issue is both these players aren't really comfortable holding on to the ball in a deep position - additionally, when they lose possession, they don't have the physicality to win the ball back or foul the opposing players. This means that any turnovers that they concede invariably result in a shot on target for the opposing team. \n\nPereira might be useful as a defensive no.10 who can press and shoot, while Fred can be useful as a shuttler who tackles, but I don't think they should be in the team without a physical midfielder backing them up.
I am talking about the substitution Tuanzebe for Martial which is massively criticized here, I don't know what are you talking about.
He\u2019s taking about the same thing, tuanzebe was playing in midfield when he came on.
You do realise there's also an opposition manager right? Yeah we had momentum. But it doesn't take a genius to figure out that Man Utd are playing with 2 makeshift CMs, all Chris Wilder has to do is pack the midfield and our attacking momentum is nullified. Ole was pro-active with the defensive change, just to balance that midfield.
Then why go with a defender rather than a midfielder when 3atb hasn't worked all game and essentially caused their two goals?
Mourinho said it best, Pogba is a virus. Phill Jones, Ashley Young as captain. The thing is, Man United had a lot of these characters since Fergie left and have been slowly letting them go each season. There is only a few left now.\n\nCant imagine the likes of RVP, Rooney, Ferdinand, Vidic, Carrick or even Felliani (yes he wasn't the best of players but always put in 100%) would have been silent in the dressing room. The problem is, they are all leaders yes but unless you have a figure like Ferguson/Klopp who is clearly in charge, then those players and their influence start to undermine the manager. It is a subconscious thing mostly but can also become blatant (Pogba and Mourinho)\n\nI believe United are starting to do the right thing. Get young humble lads in like Daniel James, Greenwood, Rashford and make it clear that the manager is the leader. The problem is you have players like Young and Pogba who try to make it seem like they're the ones in charge. Players these days have too much influence. They are why there is no patience for managers in the modern game.
>We had Paulson as DM and Paul frigging Konchesky. For crying out loud, we had Roy Hodgson as manage. You have miles to go before you get that low. Comolli!\n\nThat was before Carragher and Gerrard left. They were notorious voices in the dressing room and were responsible for unrest regarding Rafa Benitez and several other players. I mentioned Comoli and compared him to Woodward because he is a businessman in charge of transfers.\n\nI know Liverpool fans will always unconditionally love Gerrard, he was a brilliant player but he was coined \"Stevie Me\" for a reason. Look at that game against Chelsea in 2014 after he slipped, he kept taking shots outside the box instead of trying to play his team mates in.\n\nYes, Rodgers has a say in what Liverpool achieved, but a lot of his signings were made by a transfer committe, or he was restricted to a short list. He wanted Alexis Sanchez and ended up with Mario Balotelli. Since Klopp has came in, I believe he has demanded complete control of all transfers because he needed them to implement his philosophy \n\nThere are definite parallels between this United team and Liverpool a decade ago. The only difference was Liverpool didn't have any real recent success in regards to winning trophies.
Great points mate.
Tuanzebe was playing defensive midfield btw
Alright went back and rewatched it. You are correct and I was wrong. I am editing my comment.
Some of you people are boring an tiresome.\nAt least try to come up with something original. \n\nOr post that shit in u/soccer. I'm sure they will lap it up..
It\u2019s a joke because he\u2019s won 2 league title too
If we did that and they equalized from a counter people would be crying for Mourinho. That's what comes with people expecting shirt term results during what is clearly a transition period. He panicked and I don't blame him
And most of the times he used to see the game out and win
Different context - we had one midfielder on the pitch and that was.... Fred.
Bullshit. Positively bullshit. \n\nWe had Sheffield fucking lost looking like they were back in league one. \n\nAnd then we told them we were backing off and letting them fuck us. The press and passing with all those attackers was completely overwhelming Sheffield we looked like we could score 7.\n\nIt makes even LESS sense saying we have only Fred to INVITE MORE PRESSURE.
Why fuck with the system when we had the momentum? How many leads have we lost this season by not attempting to kill off games with a one goal lead?\n\n It was cowardly and the kind of shit that Jose was roundly mocked for
Except with Mou we were MUCH better at defending those leads even if it was frustrating to watch. We are practically guaranteed to concede a shit goal when we sit back now.
But Ole has \"united DNA\" so he gets away with it all here
Mourinho wouldn't have to play a midfield of Fred and Lingard/Pereira so he'd rightfully get shit on for it. With our midfield, it was the smart decision.
He always looks pissed
You could probably say 4 strikers and two attacking mids. Defo not a crazy sub.
I could be wrong but pretty sure it was five, unless you count Fred as an attacking mid. \n\nMartial, Rashford, Greenwood, James, and Lingard. \n\nFred. \n\nBack 4.
We are doing an awful lot of learning this season.
6th defender? More like 5th, because Fred and Lingard were playing in midfield at that time. We wre basically playing 4-2-4
Almost as if we'd played shite for 70 mins and wanted to hold on
By changing our formation back to 3atb? Which we conceded 2 under and couldn\u2019t hold the ball. \n\nIt was a stupid, cowardly move, he should\u2019ve went for the kill, we looked like getting another goal and he killed off all momentum
But what about a shit Burnley? Would they have defended it?
Yep people got short memories, we've had LVG and Jos\u00e9 and they couldn't work wonders either. So their wanting world class manager we'll we've been there, done that. Got to let Ole build the team he wants. People need to stop calling for him to be sacked because they want an exotic manager. We are gonna be inconsistent with these younger players in the squad. Ole needs another couple of transfer windows to get better players in.
Poch was getting snappy with the attention on Spurs this summer, what do we think working with Ed and at a club the size of United would do to him straight after being sacked? Until something changes upstairs, there's no real way forward and any manager who is in the job will have issues.
Agreed. Poch maybe isn\u2019t all he\u2019s cracked up to be. \nBut yeah at the end of the day and enough of us are like a broken record here but it\u2019s the structure, running and senior execs need to be changed before we can make progress with ANY manager.
Then we would have no chance of going back to where we were unfortunately
And our squad is pretty thin to begin with.
So we couldn't keep attacking with Lingard James Rashford and Greenwood on?
We could and the substitution was not the issue in that sense. It\u2019s what the substitution meant in that ole decided it was better to defend rather than keep the pressure on. You can once again see the change in the game. If he made that sub but kept getting the team to attack then no issues. But the second he made that sub I knew he was going defensive and so did the players of both teams.
And we didn't go back to a back five as everyone are saying afaik, it seems Tuanzebe was put on in midfield
Yes he was.
I think there are deep structural issues with the team that cannot be simply mitigated by bringing on another defensive player. We started with a back 3 (or 5 with fullbacks) and it didn't exactly work. Even without Jones' mistake we looked very poor throughout the first half.\n\nOur real problem is in midfield at the moment and the lack of protection it provides to the CBs. Having Axel in there when he's not a CM probably didn't help and isn't necessarily the right call. Remember when Rio was played in DM for that one game and was immediately realised to be a mistake.\n\nIt can also be argued that we were on the upswing and had the momentum to go on and finish the game off. Taking off a forward for a defender sends a message to both sets of players that we should be on the defensive, which invites pressure onto us. And it certainly did, as the sub changed the dynamic of the game to our disadvantage.
I agree with the first paragraph. 3atb would have worked if we'd played 3 central midfielders, out of which a CM who was not named Pereira. Fred and Pereira were outnumbered by their midfield. 3atb in theory was a correct setup, but we didn't have the personnel to implement it. \n\nRegarding your second paragraph, we really had no one to play CM there, Introducing Garner their would have killed his confidence, especially if he'd made a mistake. Bringing a defender to CM was the right call imo. \n\n\n>It can also be argued that we were on the upswing and had the momentum to go on and finish the game off. Taking off a forward for a defender sends a message to both sets of players that we should be on the defensive, which invites pressure onto us. And it certainly did, as the sub changed the dynamic of the game to our disadvantage.\n\nAgain, 5 attackers with no CM < 4 attackers + defender in CM position.
You would think that on a dedicated football sub this wouldnt be controversial. One would hope most here would have the absolute basics of football tactics down.
If i bet that half of the users don't watch the matches and never have played football in their life, I'll be really rich
BUT if we would have conceded, don\u2019t you think people would be asking why we didn\u2019t try to close out the game with a defensive sub?
Oh for sure. definitely.  I\u2019d just rather see us attack and kill the game that way.
They are back up players at best. That's a midfield you should see in a League Cup game away to a league 2 team at best
I agree Fred is getting better. Whether he is, or ever will be good enough for us is another matter. \n\nOn a hiding to nothing playing next to Pereira against a well drilled and more physical opposition though so I\u2019m inclined not to judge him too harshly right now. Dare I say it maybe even having Matic in there yesterday would have been better.
>Midfield is costing us dearly. If we don't get at least two midfielders in we are in for a long second half to the season. Both midfielders in need to be better than Fred and Periera\n\nOur strongest doesn't necessarily equal \"strong\".
1 in the prem\n2 in UEL\n1 in EFL cup\n\n4 in all comps (quick mafs)
They play different positions tho
While that's true, we played 4-4-2 or 4-2-4 today with James, Martial, Rashford and Greenwood all on the field so it's not like we're always playing the #10 and therefore might as well just play Greenwood over Lingard anyway.
Loss = 0 points. A draw is not a lost.
Owners on down we are not a top 6 team.
Pogba is injured.\n\nMata, Lingard and Gomes aren't CMs and can't play in a midfield 2, end of story.\n\nIf you think Andreas gets bullied, I don't wanna imagine what would happen to any of these playing CM.
I\u2019m not talking about just this game. I\u2019m talking about this season
This is the way.
[deleted]
Good point. Maybe they're both to blame, I just hate how people act like the manager's were held back so much by the board and bare no blame. \n\nThe board may have made mistakes, but the manager's were more to blame.
Yeah, *nobody* could have predicted we'd concede another goal there. Nobody.
Not sure what point I'm making here but before today we had the 4th or 5th fewest goals conceded
And they\u2019ve all been absolutely catastrophic. Like ffs most of our losses or draws have come from conceding at absolutely critical moments
Yeah, I don\u2019t see why everyone is focusing so much on that decision. Every manager in the world would\u2019ve done it. We had Fred and Jesse at CM ffs
I was never worried during the review, since replays clearly showed how the arm was used to control the ball. Shame they must have missed it.
I agree. Maguire has been better than Lindelof with the ball this season but they've both been shocking defensively. Neither of them can defend in transition.
Ikr man. Makes it even worse.
Agree. Most manager in the world would probably do the same.
Disagree from the perspective of how Sheffield united tore us apart as a back three, why would you revert
We weren't reverting, we had one midfielder on the pitch...\n\nWe'd also been dominated for 65 minutes, looking particularly overrun in midfield... So Sheffield United reacting and coming back into it was a massive probability and good luck to us dealing with that with one man in the middle...\n\nDecision was sound, defending was awful.
If the momentum we had going slowed down, sure, but don\u2019t do it when we\u2019ve got them on the back foot
It\u2019s a tricky one. I\u2019m risk adverse, so personally I\u2019d do what Ole did. If he\u2019d have stuck it out and we conceded because we lacked the defensive numbers, I\u2019d have been pissed
Momentum shuts down immediately if they get to counter on our 1 midfielder and 2 cb's. We couldn't keep throwing everyone in attack like we did, it's asking to get fucked. He made a sensible change, but our defenders were poor.
But why then? We had just scored 3 goals in 7 minutes and were absolutely dominating them. Why not see if we could get a fourth? Or wait until they manage to even cross the halfway line?
Because the game can change on a dime, that\u2019s what in game management is. Imo, correct call at the time. We\u2019d managed 7 good minutes while they were getting complacent, I can\u2019t see how we\u2019d keep it up while they\u2019re going all out
How was it the right call when when right afterwards we conceded lol
Because it\u2019s a much bigger risk without the extra defender. They had no choice but to go all out, I\u2019m certain they would have scored if we kept it the same
They were going to attack us anyway. They were a goal down at home. It\u2019s silly to pretend that they weren\u2019t going to go for it at the end.
Voice of reason here. This is a normal substitution to defend a lead.
Mate we were essentially playing a 4-1-5 be cause we were 2-0 down and desperate. If Sheffield got their shit together we would have lost for sure
Yeah seems like oles tactic is to wait and see what happens in a game if we start to lose get desperate and throw everything we can at teams and then if we manage to get ahead then revert back to defending poorly. And having 0 attacking afterwards.
Exactly. Continuing to push for a 4th could\u2019ve easily cost us a goal as well.
I think Martial had been the least effective today though. Greenwood had just come on whilst James and Rashford can run more. Correct decision in my opinion, was just let down by poor defending.
They\u2019re above us in the table. Why refuse to be pragmatic and pretend that we\u2019re Fergie era United playing against relegation candidates?
Exactly. Our youngsters need to grow and i dont see it as a bad thing for Ole to grow as a manager together. Most people dont realise Ole understands the youth system, understands the transition from reserves to first team and has coached a few of them including pogba. \n\nMolde is not on the same level but hes done well developing a team. \n\nWe actually play really good football at times. Like really really good. We just need the consistency and itll come with time as these guys get older. Imagine the team in 3 years. Williams, garner, greenwood, hopefully gomes if he signs would have that much PL experience under them. \n\nLook at our Ole is bringing the best out of scotty(credit to Jose as well).
That last goal we scored is a great example of the team playing fast dynamic football. Team really let themselves down in the first half but turned it around and with more experience in closing games out we would have won yesterday.
Like I said not sentimental. Just my.opinion on Ole
And Ole was ending his career as I started to watch football and follow United so really dont have much Sentimental value except watching ucl 99 final highlights and YT reels of him here and there lol
Poch was only used as an example for obv reasons. Rangnick for DoF
Poch is miles ahead of rangnick
In case you didn't know, this is real life, not FIFA. You can't throw out 10 players and bring 10 new ones in one window. We lost 2 midfielders and 1 striker and Ole said whoever leaves needs to be replaced, the board failed him. If we got rid of all the players you mentioned, our u14s would be getting debuts because of the lack of depth!
Lukaku was sold, not loaned out
You\u2019re right, my bad.
What?!?!?!?\n\nWe got rid of the ones we needed to get rid of asap due to the toxicity. Rojo is a transformed man and honestly has been a big help this season with so many CB injuries and Lindelof out of form. \n\nSmalling was given a chance so why would we not let him go. \n\nIf you sell Mata as well then we have no experience in the squad bar Young lol. \n\nJones and Lingard I agree but you know baby steps?? Haha cant sack the whole team in one window.
>And Fred is shit.\n\nBet you weren't saying that in the past few games where he was amazing. One bad game and he's shit now? C'mon.
To be fair, I never praised him. I've never rated him, at least since he started playing here.\n\nIn fact, one can easily argue those few games were a complete outlier. Because, for now, they are.
huh..what?!?
#TIME TO TANK FOR A BETTER DRAFT PICK! TRUST THE PROCESS!
That\u2019s literally what liverpool are doing every game
Except Liverpool have the players to make it sustainable
Lindelof was too passive for the equalizer. He's not intimidating or assertive at all. Forwards don't fear center backs of his ilk
We have one of the best defences in the league.
Maybe on paper, but we cannot defend a lead to save our lives. So, not really.
Ole's statistically worse in almost every measurable manner. I was very vehemently Mou out by the end but jfc Ole's even worse all around.
The BOI next to my username
They scored 1 whilst we played 3 at the back and another after we moved to a back 4...
There was a reaction, changed Jones for Lindgard and new formation at 45. Still conceded another goal afterwards due to a personal error by Pereira, which too was switched off. So much for no reactions from Ole.
Oh just fuck off. His positioning is poor. It's on the player not on the manager
Just this game??
I believe he said that he was happy with the players who have been brought in.
lingard has an impeccable shooting game, and we have seen it first hand !! he is not a fluke player who just happened to have stuck with this united team for years !! there\u2019s a reason why all his current and ex managers have had him in their squads, and even we know that he is a unique player !! what seems like to be his issue is his confidence is shot right now !! we need the moonwalking-at-emirates lingard back, and he\u2019d be a great asset for us, when in form !!!
Gerrard, lampard, Scholes all had great shooting range and stayed at their clubs for the duration of their careers by doing the small things right. Lingard can do that, but when he's trying to be flashy going forward he fucks it up. He's not an attacker, he's a midfielder.
I hate to say it but its still his laziness. He doesnt insert himself in the games and just let the minutes, games and at this point his career go past with seemingly not caring about it. He could be a top 5 player in the world if he had a different mentality.
You're right. Scored a goal, got 2 assists, and kept another clean sheet.
It is but not after taking the lead. We should have won it at that point.
Especially since the only team to get a result away at sheffield is Liverpool
You are right but for the time being we could do this.\n\nOne attacking mid to replace pereira.\nAngel Gomes on the bench instead of lingard.\nAnd Tuanzebe playing instead of Jones.
Don't think Angel will be allowed to play unless he renews his contract. Tuanzuebe is already up the pecking order above Jones I think. Just match fitness and injuries meant he didn't start today.
Add 5mil onto the price every time they try to be cute
Ya, one too many passes
That's the the problem with our team currently\nOur whole play revolves around Tony but when he's marked we don't have anyone to take the defenders attention. This is why Pogba is needed
I guess you didn't watch the 3rd goal
I would not be surprised at all if he's injured again, which was the case last time we subbed him off at half time. The way he was bullied off by the ball by the Sheffield player in the lead up to their goal was embarrassing.
Right, I meant not winning all 3 points.
A lot of people comenting here don't actually watch the game, it really shows in moments like this.
Today our midfield wasn't good enough to retain the ball. Having neither McTominay nor Pogba is a problem. Especially playing such a well organized team away from home. Our movement up front was lacking as well. We finished the game strongly, but for 60 mins it was very poor. The half time substitution helped. Greenwood gave us an extra spark, but I'm most disappointed in Martial today. He did nothing for the whole match, and people are still complaining about Ole subbing him off at the end. It was definitely the right thing to do, and maybe should have happened earlier.
I absolutely agree with Martial Sub. What I dont understand is where is the match awareness. We are LUCKY to be 3-2 up. We know they are going to go all guns blazing. Absolutely mental.
Look I've watched Sheffield play really well against Liverpool, Chelsea away, arsenal, spurs away. We in fact did well to score 3 goals in a tough away game without our starting midfielders. \n\nThen again for the games we played shit, we didn't have our full team. First couple of games we dropped points we were unlucky against wolves and palace where we missed pens and made errors. We've done decently in the big games. I think we will get a better picture in a couple of months with our full team back.
I pray you\u2019re right. Cause I can\u2019t see any light at the end of the tunnel for this season. I really can\u2019t. \n\nBut I want more than anything to be wrong.
Whew. Can I get what you\u2019re having?
It's all about channeling your inner muppet.
>This season has always been about building. Ole has always said this. There will be many ups and downs still to come. But it will payoff in the long run.\n\nThat's a lot of promising with fuck all to show
One step back, two steps forwards.
Top 4 hinges on if we use the January window wisely. If we don't get a midfielder or 2 in Jan. I don't see us making top 6. We can't guarantee Pogba will be injury free for the rest of the season when he returns in Dec. We need to get a midfielder in January badly
>This season has always been about building. Ole has always said this. There will be many ups and downs still to come. But it will payoff in the long run.\n\nI agree with this. Culture isn't something you can build overnight and its not easy to fix culture. Ole has done well with building the culture to what it was. The team is much more united and they play for each other instead of playing for themselves like before. I know Ole won't be the one to win us the title but at least he will bring the foundations back to what it was for the next manager (perhaps Pochettino if we get him) to bring us back to challenging titles.
Because no one is saying otherwise.
I thought Lingard was extremely pedestrian. It was Daniel James and Rash being more direct that increased our creativity
Direct in spaces created by Lingard
Yes. Lost the ball a few times because he was fuckin trying. Linked up play a lot, was left right and centre, was a striker and a midfielder. He drove us forward.
His running and one-two passes created the gaps we exploited to score the goals.
Uhm no. He literally did nothing for 2 of the goals. For the Greenwood one, he just stayed outside the box and made a pass under no pressure to Wan Bissaka.\n\nI'll post the links too. Tell me what he did.\n\n[https://streamvi.com/watch.php?video=1574618731](https://streamvi.com/watch.php?video=1574618731)\n\n[https://streamvi.com/watch.php?video=1574618306](https://streamvi.com/watch.php?video=1574618306)\n\n[https://streamvi.com/watch.php?video=1574618600](https://streamvi.com/watch.php?video=1574618600)
I agree, totally an individual mistake.
100%. We had pace on the wings, Martial linking everything together, and Fred sitting deep with Lingard just ahead of him which was working perfect keeping possession. They were great tactical tweaks by Ole to inject some life into the game. It was clear 3 atb and sitting deep wasn\u2019t working early in the game. I don\u2019t know why Ole thought switching back to it would work.\n\nSo frustrating mate knowing we could have had 3 points out of nothing.
Tear in my eye that a Utd manager struggled to cope against a manager in non league earlier this decade.  Bring on City and Pep
That was what I thought when the substitution was being made, but it was obvious where he was playing once he came on. Some people just look at FIFA stats and positions to bring about their conclusion.
It looked more like a 4-2-4 with Lingard in midfield, but Lingard definitely is not a no.6.
It was almost our only choice with the absolute lack of midfielders. In case you didn't know, we had 1 senior CM/CDM fit to play against a well organised and drilled team that has 3 absolute engines in midfield.
Then how do you plan to support a non-existent midfield pair of Fred and Perreira? They never worked well together, what formation you would have gone for in that situation?
True. Very very true.
He's got to take some blame. But I doubt he holds much clout in the recruitment as some others did before him. And we were quoted bullshit prices all summer. 50m for Longstaff has to be a fucking joke. But still, I hoped lessons would have been learnt from the Maguire saga of last summer that it was better to pay the premium for a player in a position we desperately need rather than holding out for a deal that is not forthcoming.
We've not had a proper midfield all season. Our best performances have come from sides that match our shape or sides that overload the wings. Basically, so long as our midfield isn't pressed too much, we can get the ball out wide to the rashy or James. And once that happens, it's all pace. Mctominay being as physically dominating as he is was a huge part of us not being ran over in midfield. \n\nHere, we had 0 control. And got bullied off the ball way too much. The midfield was both lightweight and lacked composure, vision and skill to play forward passes. Our forwards were almost completely isolated. The only hopeful punts forwards came from Maguire or DDG. \n\nOGS rectified it partly in the second half by bringing on lingard to connect the forward line. So we got a bit more joy in attack. The midfield problem still existed though. Which is exactly what was exploited when pereira was bullied off the ball and Fred couldn't track the runner. Mousset, tbf, made a great run and Maguire's lack of covering place was exploited for the finish.
Define \u201cwell\u201d?
smash and grab 3 points or a draw
They will sit back and hit us on the counter, but if we sit back and hit them on the counter. Then it's gona be a boring game.\nHopefully we have pog back and he and martial can do that french connection thing they do. Our players have more reason to be fired up so we can hope
Almost poetic to see Mourinho sacking Ole.
its going to be a battle to see who has a shittier midfield
Spurs have way better midfield than United. Ndombele, Lo Celso, Eriksen, Dier, Lamela
Thing is, they actually have a lot of quality in there, it's just not been utilized. Ndombele and Lo Celso are players I'd love to have at United. Winks is tidy and I'd certainly prefer him to Pereira and Fred. Eriksen I'd also take in a heartbeat even in his current form.
I think that was the most frustrating part. We had the potential but failed to start the game steady and comfortable in a formation that the players do well in. I'm glad there was at least some fight in the end though. Would've been pissed had we gone on like a limp dick.
We had five attackers on the pitch when we went ahead.\n\nSurely, any sane manager would take one off and strengthen the midfield.\n\nMartial is most logical choice as he is least hard working one of three others.\n\nBtw, in these circumstances it's not that the team in front wants to collapse in defense, it just happens.\nIt's the way the game works unless there's is a huge difference in quality and even then..
Yeah I don\u2019t get why people say taking Martial off was wrong, it was logical to put on another defender to hold a lead after coming back from 2-0.\n\nIf Ole took Martial off at 2-2 then the complaints would have made sense. \n\nIt was just a huge lapse of concentration in defending. 3 people were standing beside the crosser and he still managed to get the ball to an open scorer.
Spot on. After Martial came off we still had Rashford, James, and Greenwood leading the line. That's still capable of scoring. \n\nAlso, they went from trying to hold on to needing to attack to secure a point, while we had one midfielder who covered a ton of ground to that point and two fullbacks on yellow cards. Not making a change was inviting disaster.
Defense as a whole wasn't great today. That's partly on Ole though. Trying to make Aaron and Williams wingbacks was naive. Aaron doesn't have an attacking instinct in his body and Williams looked clueless for the most part. He seems like a decent player but it's rash to give him that much responsibility so quickly.\n\nWingbacks in general haven't worked out for us over the years - only Tony was able to play that role decently. It's not an easy position and I don't think any of our players are built for that role.
Yeah defends as a whole wasn\u2019t good today. \n\nHowever we have played three at the back before against Chelsea and Liverpool with AWB and Williams at wing backs for the one at Liverpool while AWB and Young were wingbacks for Liverpool. \n\nOnly difference is Rojo was the left CB. Jones I feel tend to be more error prone and isn\u2019t as good as the others on the ball. Jones hasn\u2019t started for many months now so In Rojo\u2019s absence decided to start him. Sometimes decisions like that pay off other times it doesn\u2019t. Unfortunately it was the latter. \n\nHe knew he was shit that\u2019s why he was replaced and he went back to a front 4. \n\nOne thing to note though, Sheffield had 5 in midfield and we only had 4 so we were constantly over run in midfield. Thought we could\u2019ve stuck to the usual 3-4-1-2 rather than 3-4-3.
I think he's talking about the earlier pics
Williams for sure is something to watch out for. I dont know many strikers who could even finish like that first touch strike he scored
I regret looking through it
Bad as in full of Liverpool fans unleashing their pent up frustrations from the past 2 decades. Imagine that.
Bad. Just had a look
Liverpool we\u2019re getting beat 4 nil.
We\u2019ve lost 4-0 against fucking Everton under Ole.
Getting rewarded with new contracts for being shit. Ed truly is a clueless cunt
You know, when you're supposedly heavier than a striker, and you got knocked out by one, you started questioning if you're even a CB
It was like an adult barging a kid the way he went flying. But doubt he cares he's picking up enough money and doesn't play games. Wouldn't surprise me if greenwood can knock him off a ball. Embarrassing
Defending 101 should have been to clear the ball away if you think you can\u2019t block the ball from the opponent attacker. \n\nI hope this episode is the final nail in his coffin and hope Ole never picks him up again. \n\nTuanzebe , Rojo and Bailly should get a look ahead of him.
While he was losing possession cheaply that pass was the reason for it that time. He had to stretch to reach it and wasn't able to control it. On other occasions he lost the ball and was at fault for it but I'd say that occasion was more the bad pass
> We all agree there is some young players here to build a team with, but we can also agree that if the scouts and the Club were able to bring in 3 players that fit into our long term plans, then why couldn't they have brought in 2 or 3 more in that same mind frame? Or the other question is why did the other 2 or 3 players we are desperately lacking have to be young long term options? Why couldn't we get ready-to-go players who aren't quite past it yet, and bring in that leadership and strong attitude?\n\nHonestly, I think the club feels burned by the Sanchez and Lukaku situations, maybe even Pogba. Mid- or late-career players certainly can come in and be helpful (like Zlatan), but if they don't work out then you probably have a large contract that no one wants to take on. And yes, figuring out if they'll work out should be doable for a club our size, but maybe they didn't want to take a chance on certain players that could have gone either way. Younger players trying to prove themselves are easier to mold and get to buy in than established players with their own ambitions, so importing leadership isn't guaranteed to work. Zlatan was a great example, but then you can get a Lukaku who wants out after he's asked to play out of (what he feels) is his best position.\n\nIt's not a problem unique to us, a lot of clubs struggle to offload players that don't work out. See Bale and Ozil. \n\n> Formation was one problem, but also taking the foot off the pedal. We are guilty of doing this and giving away leads much too often. We are one of the worst teams in this regard.\n\nI think making a sub was fully justified after we took the lead. Williams had struggled and was on a yellow and we only had Fred in the midfield. Sheffield was about to have to push to get a point, so we were inviting disaster with three strikers plus James and Jesse. Damned if you make the sub, damned if you don't. Frankly, we should have been able to hold on and even with the sub, Rashford, James, and Greenwood should have been enough to score.
I agree with a lot you're saying. Sub was fine, but the tactic was not.\n\nBringing in Tuanzebe for Martial seemed justified, but then they should have tried to hold position better. Cycle the ball more, and push in towards SHU's goal. Instead they brought on Tuanzebe and sat back more. This has failed time and time again, yet they did it once more.\n\nPoint of Note: My ultimate wish is not for young or old players, or Ole vs Poch, what I'd really like to see is the Club bring a DoF and put him in charge of a robust Footballing department. They already started with a comprehensive scouting department. I'd let a competent DoF build us a proper team that fits a certain attacking style, and any subsequent manager after Ole should fit the way we want to play. Taking that responsibility out of the manager's hands, and remove the muppetry from every transfer window. Have a prominent visionary evaluate who needs to stay and who needs to go, and which types of players are out there. Have those he works with negotiate with other teams. Take Woodward out of the equation and leave it up to someone else. I acknowledge that won't happen as things currently stand. However, we continue to drop down the table, things could get hairy at the end of the season.
We scored three non-shithouse goals in a ten-minute span while chasing a game with three academy players aged 22, 19, and 18. Say what you want but without our two best midfielders, including our most creative player, that's impressive.
It's amazing how many in this sub are blind to Ole's incompetence
>Why were they outstanding?  \n\nFirst to the ball, more energetic, desire to win. They were up for it from the off.\n\nCredit where it's due
Yes agreed, they were fantastic. \nWhy were they  \u201c...up for it from the off.\u201d?\n\nBecause of their system, work rate and mindset...\n\nWho defines all these....their manager!!!
To be fair, anyone who watched the game could see how awful we were. The scoreline is actually flattering to us. We deserved to lose by at least a few goals.
True, and I made a comment about it in the thread too. I'm specifically talking about the users who don't have any valid other arguments other than *Insert new shiny toy* IN, and OLE OUT.
True but that first goal never happens if Jones isn\u2019t on the pitch. The second never happens if Pereira isn\u2019t.\n\nIf we had our midfield of Pogba and McTominay and Herrera like last season we would be winning most of these games. I firmly believe that.
Nah some of us arent blinded by nonsense
That is exactly right. Might sound harsh but having Pereira in that midfield was worse that being a man down because the little he did wad negative, as in giving the ball away sloppily.
How come? He was dreadful most of the game today. He lost the ball so many times?
We were still in position for a fourth through the counter, you know, the thing Rashford and James are dangerous at. Hindsight and armchair managers.
Generally, yes. But the entire game bar 10 minutes had nearly zero attacking or countering. The team looked clueless in the first half and barely better in the second, besides those 10 minutes.
I see your point. But what about keeping \u201croadrunners\u201d in so we can counter them since they will be pushing forward? It\u2019s hindsight and a bunch of arm chair managers crying about a logical sub.
One of Rashford/James (preferably Rashford) + Martial was the right decision. Leaving us with no one who can hold up the ball and bring others into play while under pressure was not a good tactical decision. All the Martial change did was invite pressure which led to their equaliser.
The same people would be screaming to fire Ole if we allowed a 3rd because we got caught out pushing for a fourth. Same people will always find something.
He should be sacked regardless for 80 minute of spineless play and poor tactics. \n\nIt doesn\u2019t matter. Objectively it was a cowardly decision when we had already conceded 2 to this side. And objectively what HAPPENED was we immediately went under pressure. Immediately. \n\nI\u2019m not getting baited into a what if discussion.
Kill them off? Lol all we had to do was not concede in 10 minutes...shouldn\u2019t be that difficult. Our defense let us down.
Like it had for the first 70 minutes, so why trust them?\n\nIf it had been 0-0 and we had finally scored, I agree, return to the strategy of keeping them at bay. But did anyone really trust today's defense to hold on?
Yeah, and then we get caught out in attack with a one goal lead and concede. You same idiots would be screaming still.
Ole should have made the sub when our momentum was fading, instead he killed it and we were on the backfoot immediately after the sub.
Puke
[deleted]
His changes literally helped us go from 0-2 to 3-2 in 7 minutes. But he only gets credit for the failures from you, huh? This narrative is so fucking stupid, and only believed by people who have no understanding of football.
With mega VAR assistance and the team was in the finals for 2 minutes
Fuck your bs. Var made the correct calls. Just say that youre Ole in and we\u2019ll understand.
Yeah. Sheffield away is not an easy place. In fact no away game is easy . I'm also happy that we did manage to bring something back. Imagine the uproar is the seconds half was remotely similar to the first half.
It doesn't matter who we had where. The team was playing well (like really well) and had Sheffield on their heels. We broke the momentum by making the change. Ole shot ourselves in the foot by disrupting the good football we were playing.
The thing is that James goes around pressing people.  Tony can\u2019t do that.  It was a difficult choice of course.
To be fair, James is our most hardworking attacker in terms of tracking back and closing down the wing. It was a toss up between Rashford and Martial and I think Ole was justified in withdrawing Martial who wasn't having a great game and recently recovered from an extended injury.
He didnt do particularly well defending the build up to the goal conceded but James was just an example, rashford would have been better to withdraw as well imo.  Lingard was also a passenger
Klopp definitely would have made that change IMHO
[deleted]
We had 4 attackers out there. How can you bring in a midfielder in such a scenario?
tuanzebe has played cdm before. Its not the most balanced of formations but taking the foot off the gas was a bad choice at that point given that historically its backfired on him.
It's a universally used sub. You should count on your players to see out the game with 5 minutes to go. We are only questioning it because we conceded. Had we won, nobody and I do mean nobody would have criticized the sub.
That's demonstrably false as a quick look through the match thread shows. The sub was widely criticized prior to us conceding.
If you can't trust your players to see out 5 minutes of a game, then we have bigger problems.
Haha that's the sad truth
He did that yesterday with a one goal lead away from home in a close match. \n\n>making a 2 goal gap wouldve given us some breathing space in what was an end to end game.\n\nBut there is no guarantee we would score again though. Except for the Brighton game we haven't scored to secure the win. But bringing on a defender for 5 minutes normally sees out a game. Like I said, we only question it because we conceded. Nobody would have an issue had we won.
But like I said our defense is known to crumble and give away leads so why invite the pressure?\n\nI doubt Liverpool had all the momentum when the sub was made while we had Sheffield on the ropes. The sub should've been made once it becomes clear that Sheffield were playing football again.
Yes but this is a basic concept, used universally. You only question it just because we conceded. You trust your players to do their job with 5 minutes to go. They literally had one attack and they scored. It's on the players.
When we made that sub I was furious as I knew it meant we were going to sit back and invite pressure and knew that would lead to us conceding as we tried to invite pressure and play on the counter all game and were second best. Liverpool sure up the defence but most importantly still play an attack based game by lumping pressure on the opposition. As soon as axel came on we changed and dropped much deeper to try to see out the win.
But when it's obvious from the rest of the season that our defenders can't handle pressure. Then you do have to question.\n\nYou can still make a sub to protect our lead but also keep us in the front foot. We did neither. We no longer had a focal point of our attack.
Or you could continue with the formation and tactics that have been working and not make unnecessary changes that interrupts the players' momentum until there are signs that a change is needed. It's not reactionary to say that a manager should be able to recognize when the team is playing well and when they need an adjustment.
And if we didnt concede an unlucky goal from their only attack, youd either be praising the change, or ignorantly ignoring it.
And if my aunt had two wheels and handlebars she'd be a bicycle. My point was that it's important to evaluate the context of the game when making substitution and tactical changes, even if those changes are \"by the book,\" and this isn't exactly the first time in the past year we've failed to close up games. \n\nAlso, \"ignorantly ignoring it\"? What a wordsmith.
Yes but this is a basic concept, used universally. You only question it just because we conceded. You trust your players to do their job with 5 minutes to go. They literally had one attack and they scored. It's on the players.
Rice is a good player. He's only 20 years old playing a complicated and pivotal role, the experience will do him good. You don't get the likes of Real Madrid watching you more than once for nothing. He has massive potential but will be inconsistent as 20 year olds are expected to be
I am just not convinced he is what we need, he's a long term investment. I think for a position as important as CDM and with our squad we need someone with more experience, someone maybe like Allen from Napoli, he's 28 and part of a group of players who Napoli are willing to sell. I feel we need an instant impact in our midfield, with energy and aggression. If we were to purchase Rice I'd like him to be bought alongside a more experienced midfielder.
I'd almost have rather lost 3-0 than drew 3-3. the point does nothing for us and although Its not right to want your own team to lose the board may have at least taken action instead of waiting for the perfect replacement in Poch to be swept up by another club which may happen with keeping Ole. Its losing a single point at the potential of it saving the rest of our season.
That match you just saw, we just scored 3 in ten minutes when just a couple months ago we\u2019d have lost 2-0. We have been playing at a consistent level and not dropping off as a result of our fitness improving. Our three signings have performed brilliantly and have already fulfilled expectations. There\u2019s plenty of positives to take from this season. It\u2019s just that sometimes we get blindsided because we want results and get impatient with it but I see steady improvements which should make a good foundation for seasons ahead
I'm with you on this, he will build a solid squad, can he motivate them and keep them motivated to mount a title challenge? Is the thing we as fans are most bothered about \nBut top 4 is good enough for the board \nSo don't think he will get sacked. Problem is the best guys for doing that are at man city and Liverpool
This season right now? No, not in a million years. In 3-4 seasons when he\u2019s had the chance to implement everything to full effect? I\u2019m iffy but not saying no either
Barley any of the players on the pitch today even played in that game so it\u2019s not really relevant, we didn\u2019t even have the same manager.
> Mourinho and LVG consistently got top 4\n\nWhat? No they didn't.
Top four or just off it. What I really mean is CL football or close.\n\nLVGs first season - top 4 \n\nLVGs Second season - Very close to top 4 \n\nMourinho\u2019s first season - Europa League \n\nMourinho\u2019s season season - Top 4
Lol its funny how people think they are interacting with an entity called The Sub, instead of the hundreds of thousands of different people with their various differences.
With the hive minds it feels more like four or five people lol
They are both horrible, but atleast a world class manager compensates that cunt of a CEO.
Precisely, that's my point
Definitely. If anything the final 20mins today is indicative of what a manager like Poch can do with the youth talent we have.
So when something he does works out well, it just shows what others could do better, but when he does something that doesn't work it all comes down to him being shit and out of his depth? Jesus.
Maybe he does but what after that? Poch won't join a club before the next season because he certainly needs a break. After we get him he gets a couple of signings (less than what we needs) and eventually when the lack of quality and depth start to show do we start calling for his head then? How many times must we repeat the same process before you get rid of the bigger problems at the club. I'm not saying that ole deserves to stay or that he should be sacked all I'm saying is that if we do sack we need to address the bigger issues after that or we might repeat the process again.
> Maybe he does but what after that? Poch won't join a club before the next season because he certainly needs a break\n\nThis is not a given whatsoever. He may very well join, or agree to join at the end of the season if we go for him.
Weird how sissoko's handball was given in the UCL final but this one wasnt, almost as if the teams involved sway the decision making
Okay but imagine we keep martial on, play attacking football and concede on a counter attack. Now that would be really stupid
No I hear you, that is completely valid and we would be calling him naive but honestly I think at that moment the riskier decision was to shut up shop, given how knackered they looked. \n\n\nSomeone above made the great point, the United/Fergie way was to attack as they tire, that's what built that culture of winning and fear in our opponents. They all feared our last 15, knew we could hurt them, now we're the ones who lose leads/games late, which is a bad look when your stated upside as a manager is your \"United DNA\".\n\n\nI think as the game stood before the sub, we win more often than not without a sub, but as I'm a nobody with no experience I could very easily be wrong.
And this is exactly the fault of Ole during the summer for not signing the right players. He 100% set out to use a 4-2-3-1 as our primary formation this season, evident by him attempting to sign Dybala and Eriksen for #10. Otherwise, I am confident that a DM would have been at least targeted if it was otherwise.
I agree about midfield being more of a priority, but we don't have any competition for the #9 or LW spot. Rashford and Martial are comfortable and Rashford is approaching burnout level from how much he's playing for club and country.
Scholes left immediately at the end of the season leaving a void. The squad was already showing signs of ageing. Just because Ferguson drew blood from a stone doesn't mean we had a good team the year after.\n\nI don't think Moyes inherited a good squad at all. That doesn't mean he isn't to blame for his own failures, he made some bad mistakes, but I don't think the 2013-14 squad was good.
We still had the veteran leadership with that squad.   Just to throw down some names here - Rooney, vidic, rio, rvp, chicharito, carrick, nani, Evra, giggs, scholes.  Yes, most of them were not in their primes anymore but saying it was not a good squad was rather inaccurate. We won close to 30 games in the previous season.
Don't even bother. I don't know if people who are so against Poch are just disregard his achievements or think highly of Ole for some reason.\n\nProbably even Bayern fans wouldn't mind him, but no he's not good enough for us.
>Don't even bother. I don't know if people who are so against Poch are just disregard his achievements or think highly of Ole for some reason.\n\nNo one is disregarding Poch's achievements. I just think it doesn't make sense to sack another manager when every manager we've had so far after SAF has been set up to fail. Ole has done well to fix the culture of the club. The players want to play for him and win games. He's actually giving our academy and youth players chances, just like how we were crying out for since Mourinho's tenure.\n\nOne of the reasons why I love United is because we actually openly show respect to past legends who have contributed massively in our team over the years. Ole has given us so much as a player and yes his managerial tenure is questionable but he has done some things right. It is just not the United Way to publicly humiliate our legend this way by sacking him mid season just because some fans' desired coach is available. At least be respectful and let the man see out the first season and we'll assess where he's at after 1 full season? Or maybe the board is actually being proactive now and there is a change to actually have a long term vision to turn this club around? Only time will tell. Its not like there is a shortage of good managers out there too really.
The last goal could\u2019ve been defended better if we were tighter on Mcburnie, me thinks. \n\nAgree that the first two goals could have been avoided if Jones did old school boy defending to clear the ball. And the second there was no midfield cover. Looks to be Fred or Pereira who was out of position. We sorely missed McTominay for his hard work and physical presence.
No chelsea, arsenal or liverpool in there?
How many of those games did we have Pogba and Martial both playing?
Why? AWB is a fantastic but obvious signing, Maguire isn't living up to his price tag. Only James is a transfer you can really credit him for.
Oh yeah, so no tactics means we win, and the tactics we suddenly decided to implement means we get worse results? Why pay our coaching staff anything in that case? Why go Ole Out when we can literally operate with no coach, Chuck the players out there and tell them to have a laugh?
Yeah I see your point. We shouldn't start with tactics like that. But the turn around at half time was due to Ole's changes too. Although I disagree with the substitution of Martial, we are now re-growing as a club and re-learning how to win. Ole is learning with us.
\ud83d\ude4c say it louder for those in the back
It\u2019s not sanity is karma whoring, telling the sycophants what the want to hear. Getting fucked rotten for 75 minutes because of poor set up by the manager, but sure, a new manger isn\u2019t going to change anything.
Hey my man, I'm pissed as well. But weren't we all saying the same things with our previous managers?
I'll never grudge someone being angry. I screamed at my TV today. We all love this sport and this club and we all love the banter!
Yeah that was bad but only because the change of shape and subs previously atleast put us in that position.  May be not be so bitter about everything?
Yeah we got outplayed for 80 of 90 mins and Ole tinkering cost us 3 points I couldn\u2019t be happier
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hopefully we sign someone after we sell him like any normal club should do
Garner?
Managers bring on an extra defender to protect the lead. It isnt something that has happened for the first time in football.
No identity, what are people talking about when they say this. Just a general baseless statement thrown around to criticize the team, just like people who says we've got no tactics. We've got a very clear identity, we are a high press, counter attacking team.
But when you\u2019re in the driving seat, you do all you can to sure up the game no? Especially against Sheffield. They were on the ropes for that period of time and as soon as momentum swung back to them after dropping off, guess what happened.
And you want this team to challenge for top 4 of all they do is counter attack against every team? That\u2019s why United can\u2019t grind points against the small teams. Zero creativity with ball retention plays into the hands of small teams. Won\u2019t be surprised if City play a counter game, knowing United will do fuck all with the ball.
High-press and counter attack are quite contradictory don't you think? Counter attack is letting the opposition into your final third with a low block, stealing the ball and hitting them with pace. High press is a tactic used to try and stop the opposition from entering your final third. This is not  'Clear identity' and we are not particularly good at either.\n\nStop making excuses for the team. They are throwing a lot of shit at the wall at the moment and nothing is sticking. We rely on moments of brilliance from Rashford and Martial. We do not have an identity.
>we are a high press, counter attacking team\n\nSounds like a baseless regurgitated running narrative wrongly used as a label for the headless chicken style of football on display under Solskjaer. In your own words, what's your understanding of high press, counter attacking style as a strategy in one game of football?
Thank you. No progression means that even if the board is at fault, Ole isn\u2019t doing much to help the situation. He\u2019s not the right man.
yeah true i posted this when the stoppage time was announced on my stream lol
I\u2019m far from an expert, but even before the first goal the formation doesn\u2019t seem to be working out. Of course, it\u2019s with the benefits of hindsight, but I\u2019d hope a manager would be able to see why and make adjustments quickly. You\u2019re right though that way too late might be an exaggeration.
I know what you mean. I am not an expert either but it just seemed like their first half domination was a result of their high intensity and our midfield being light. I agree with 2 or 3/10 to begin the game. Fred and Andreas weren't going to be enough and Rashford and James were ineffective against their FBs. But at the half, bringing in Jesse I thought was a smart move. We looked good and we're positive attacking wise at least. I thought it was perfectly timed change. I'd say 6 or 7 for in game management.
Ouch hurts knowing he said it hit arm.
Agree with everything but the last part. He wasn't a great passer by any means but he was our best attacking center back
From set pieces, without question.
> This narrative over how his ability on the ball 'hurt' us needs to stop\n\nIt's not a narrative. I don't know if you've been watching us long, but you're either a very new fan or someone with a very poor memory. \n\nSmalling looks like freaking bambi on ice trying to turn and make a simple two yard pass. It's not that he can't do it, it's that when he gets pressed he absolutely messes it up.\n\nIt was super easy for teams to press us last year because we never used him in the build up because he was so easy to press, so everyone went to Lindelof and it made us look so bad trying to play from the back. \n\n\nIt's not a narrative at all, it's the truth. Go watch the games he played in again.
I don't know how old you are but i've been watching united my entire life, this goes back to some of my earliest childhood memories. Super easy for teams to press us? Any real world examples of when this actually happened and how frequently it actually hurt us?You don't need two CBs in a pairing to be good on the ball, you can play to both players strengths and this is why Blind and Smalling was hands down our best pairing post Fergie (cue the 'it was our possession style that made them look good' rebuttal). Maguire-Lindelof is still off and Maguire-Smalling would be mean as fuck\n\n This would make also make more sense if Smalling's dispossession numbers were high last season but he actually lost the ball the least out of our center backs last season and he's been the highest in this regard in previous seasons per whoscored. Lindelof's ability on the ball is overstated, even this season Maguire has been much better on the ball.\n I don't think Smalling's shortcomings on the ball negated his essential defensive duties which we're missing this season with Lindelof conceding some soft goals and lacking aggression
If you were assessing a team of engineers and came to the conclusion that most of them were totally incompetent/not committed enough, then would you also choose a team manager whose only CV qualification is that the same folks are comfortable with him/her ?
Ah but there\u2019s a diff between saying the team isn\u2019t good enough and could use some additions and saying everyone is bad. There\u2019s the foundations of a good squad there in 2-3 years
I actually agree with your first point that he deserved the job on merit after his caretaker stint results. But the same merit consideration has shown over and over again that he has proved to be woefully incompetent after that. At a club like Utd, that should be enough to sack him. It's just that our CEO and board are even more incompetent to realize that.
How much do you think our results will improve if we had a diff but not elite manager? I think that\u2019s the point of division. Personally I don\u2019t think our underlying numbers would be much better.
Tbf we didn\u2019t concede more than 2 goals this season
You're not blaming the manager for making a substitution and changing back to the shape that had us looking like a league 1 side for 70 minutes?
If he kept those attackers on and we conceded hed get the same shit. When you have made a comeback you throw a fucking defender on to protect it. Isnt his fault they are incompetent at defending.
It\u2019s gonna help! That\u2019s for sure
Me or you would be a better improvement than Pereira. We still need a better CM than McTominay going forward
This sounds good.\n\nRashford and james on the wings.\nMctominay in a centre mid/defensive mid position.\nPogba attacking mid. Replaced by someone when he leave.\nMartial and greenwood up front.
Well the modern defender is trained not to commit himself. Look at van Dijk, he almost never gets down, but keep on his feet.
We'd have been 7 behind with us still having to play everyone around us to give us control. The points gap now isn't the only issue now. It's the sheer number of teams around us who are going to be dishing points out to each other and takjng from us that hurts it.
Your right, but to be fair the tactics of first half did not really work at all.
Yeah but he changed those as soon as he could. You're not going to sub Jones off while still in the first half, but he did at half time. Then Pereira, too.
Hahaha fuck off
Did you read my comment?
The first half was some of the worst football I've ever watched from a Top 6 club as long as I can remember. But sure, sugarcoat it.
[removed]
Also all the bs calls influence it
Sure Ole said he loses the ball too much. Fred and Pereira are sound though, yeah.
Was reportedly the reasoning given by our scouting department, but hardly seems a gaffe, there\u2019s gotta be a reason no other club was really in for him despite the whole circus around his future.
That's not even the correct rumor...
it's pretty diabolical what he's done to out midfield. \n\nPereira makes Fred look like prime Zidane in comparison tho
Yeah but why should we continue to Remove potentially Great managers? What if he could actually be the next saf but we throw it out the window because our squad is shit?
Nothing shown by Ole so far he is even a PL top half manager. You can't go to the biggest job in your field and expect to learn on the job.
What cost us 2 points was big mistakes in first half by for example phil Jones and pereira.\nThe last goal aswell should be prevented. The sub isnt the problem here.. The squad is Just utterly shit
But we potentially could've won that game had the third sub not been made. Regardless of squad quality, that is 100% manager error that cost us
Even concidering the change. This is a midtable squad. Expecting a manager to make that into a title contender is stupid. Jose made it work his first season
Everyone knows depth is our main problem and that aint oles fault but man that last sub... he just had few mkre minutes to close it out....
How do you know? Mourinho one of the greatest all time concidering how much he have won got kicked because we werent performing. So will solskj\u00e6r and we Will probably get poch Who will also fail with this squad
He had a sustained period of success here and had a clear identity in the team. You can claim that Ole had a successful period but it was clearly unsustainable and hasn\u2019t come close to being replicated, but hasn\u2019t put any identity into this team. Constantly changing formation, tactics and lineups has left this without any identifying characteristics outside of mediocrity.
I agree
This squad is limited, no matter who the manager is (Poch or Ole) it's going to be a long few months.
very true, but it does help having a well experienced and more established manager too
It starts from hiring an actual competent manager
What\u2019s your reason for watching our men\u2019s team then lmao
So, everything bad is because of Ole and everything good is because of the players?
He added more attack into the team and we suddenly start scoring. I wonder why?
Something bad happens: \"Ole is out of his depth\"  \n\n\nSomething good happens: \"I don't think Ole played any part in that whatsoever\"  \n\n\nThis sub
Honestly, if we play a 4-3-3 or a 4-2-3-1, who do you want in the midfied? Fred, Perriera and Lingard?
thats the situation he created by himself? You cant say we lack players when you have a chance to buy in summer.
I don't think we would have used this gameplan if we had some fit midfielders.
We still lose crystal palace at home with all fit midfielders and his favoured tactic. We are hit or miss team.
If you score THREE goals from 2-0 down, every competent manager will make a defensive substitution with 10 mins left in the game to close the game out.\n\nIf we keep trying to attack and we still conceded that goal people would say \u201cwhy didn\u2019t we make a defensive sub to close the game out?\u201d
We had our two main central midfielders out, any team will struggle in the Premier League with their two center mids missing - especially us with our lack of midfielders. Not to mention we played a very good Sheffield United team, who have performed well against the top 6 this season - drawing with Chelsea and Spurs away and it being very close vs Pool.
Liverpool just about managed to get 3 points against them, am not comparing them to United, merely saying that even with all their might Liverpool struggled against them, but still got 3 points towards the end, 70 min goal by Wijnaldum.
Fair enough
It was an away game and we had 3 points at that point, only had to defend it for what less than 10 mins.. I think any manager would have done the same.
It's just how bad we had been until they started playing 442.\n\nNobody knew where they're meant to be, there was no fluidity and martial had barely touched the ball.\n\nWe changed to 442, martial starts dropping to pick up the ball, plays James through to cross for rashfords goal. Rashford drops and makes space for the cross into Greenwood.\n\nBefore that there was nobody making runs. Same happened after the change.\n\nPlaying with 3 at the back when they're not used to each other makes more problems than it solves.
Yes we were absolutely awful. Worst performance of the season, but Ole changed something and it payed off. \n\nBesides, I don't know what tactics cause the mids and forwards both, to miss every 10 yard pass for 30mins. What tactic caused Jones to shit the bed. Whom he was forced to play due to injuries btw; and no, Zebe wasn't ready to start.\n\nMoreover, our worst area of pitch? We were missing our only two consistent players there, including the best player in our team, and we have no depth. \n\nHe did what he could with what he had. Can't wait till everyone is fit and the whole sub is shock horror that we improve.
If we are saying that his subs payed off we should also blame him for the sub that didn't shouldn't we? More over we should also blame him for the first 70 where he made no differences to the game tactically. Lingard came on at 45 lets not forget and Greenwood was after the first goal which saw Sheffield retreat. \nMissing the passes is something Ole should really be working on with them but lets assume that that is to do with Sheffield playing really well. \nThat brings us to Jones playing on the left side of a back 3 the second I saw that I knew we were screwed would have rather gone with a back 4. not saying axel was ready but we could have played garner.\nWho came into this season not strengthening our midfield? he really needed to push Woodward more if he was saying no plus ole seems to be injuring players more due to his \"style\".
Exactly what I'm talking about. \n\nThe 3 goals, absolutely nothing to do with what Ole did.\n\nand yet, their 3rd goal, no doubt *directly* because of Ole. Indisputable. \n\nGet some balance lad.
I didn\u2019t say anything about their third goal. Get your strawman to fuck, laddie.
The only thing that Pereira brings is set pieces. And he isn't really good at it, just good amongst a horrible bunch.
https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/e128fn/post_match_thread_sheffield_utd_3_3_manchester_utd/f8lh8bz?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
He did, I liked his performance today. Still has a lot of mistakes in him which I think he won't be able to iron out. When he's in this kind of mood with so much energy, he brings something different for us.
He does. Hope he can take the positives from this match on board and keep going. Seemed to have lost confidence for a while.
We may get heated abou ole in/out, makeing a defensive sub in the last ten or not and a lot of other stuff, but I believe we all agree on your statement there \ud83d\ude01
Lol you're being downvoted for saying exactly what happened, because Ole. You should have said Ed got the tactics wrong, maybe you'd get upvotes. Just rebrand the sub to r/OleFans, what a fucking sad circus it's turned into
I'm not sure you're asking the right question. Coaches coach players, managers may not necessary coach..
I am sure you understood exactly what I meant. And since, in the OP, it was referred  to him as \"the manager\", not sure why it would make any difference.
Alright cockwomble\n\nWe arent a training ground for managers no. But we are an impossible job. What is the mandate? \n\n- Must have won trophies\n- Must play free flowing attacking football\n- Must play a mixture of youth and WC talent\n- Must know the DNA of MUFC\n- Must deploy high press\n- Must start challenging for top 4 within 2 months \n- Must not be ex Liverpool or ex City\n- Must be able.to unearth talents and develop them to WC players\n- Must be able to coach average players beyond thiwr natural ability.\n\nI mean if Ole goes and Poch comes in he only ticks 2 or 3 boxes and then has to rebuild a squad with Ed and co as the go between....\n\nOle is the only answer right now even if it is as the sacrificial lamb to rebuild the culture at United.
That blunder still pisses me off but I got used to keepers gifting them precious points this season and the last
See my recent post on Fred.\n\nNot denying he has improved but his current best still isn't good enough. He makes fundamental mistakes too often (most notably, giving the ball away in our OWN half).
We still had 4 attackers even without martial. Could have still gone for thr third.
Yes. Will you want to keep him for such mediocre results?
Where do we stop!?
But what if the next manager after that also fails? replace again?
Based on his formed opinion.  That's what we're on here for, by the way - getting other people's opinion on topic X.
No evidence. Just talking out of his ass.
I meant rn, but yeh of course, depth is lacking badly
Could be part of the reason but clearly in the last 15 minutes we are more organised and moving the ball better. And I wonder why every time we have to score the first goal and only we play like that
We are all wondering the same thing mate
Formations won't help the clueless tactical approach. We hope to counter and break to score goals. That's not a philosophy, that's wishful thinking.
So you're saying that we lacked in midfield and that we picked a pair without any sort of ball winner/anchor and you're asking me how we got it wrong? \n\nIt should have been apparent before the game but even for our seemingly blind 'manager' that the 3 CBs with Phil Jones wasn't working so he needed to have some balls take him off and get on an actual holding mid. Garner was sat on the bench and would've stablised it instantly.\n\nAlso playing Jones at all in any capacity was a huge mistake, repeating my earlier comment he has consistently fucked up for 8 years and anybody who picks him knows that when the pressure is up he fucks it
>So you're saying that we lacked in midfield and that we picked a pair without any sort of ball winner/anchor and you're asking me how we got it wrong?\n\nOk, who should we have played then in midfield? Pogba and McTominay who are both injured? What other options did we have?\n\n>Garner was sat on the bench and would've stablised it instantly.\n\nYes, obviously an 18 year old would have \"stablised it instantly\". What a fool Ole was for not seeing that. Relying on a 27 year old CB who learned how to deal with balls down the channel as a 10 year old was also indeed very foolish.\n\nEven if he isn't the most reliable defender, he should at least be expected not to suddenly forget the absolute most basic things you learn at a junior level.
Pereira was bullied, as was inevitable. Jones was bullied - not physically, but by them just popping the ball over his head, and waiting for him to fuck up. \n\nThe answer to an injury crisis is not to play mediocre players out of position. \n\nAnd, frankly, this wasn\u2019t the Chris Morgan, Michael Tonge SU team of a decade ago. This one bullied us by being comfortable in possession and in positioning. \n\nThe whole \u2018youth players are too small\u2019 argument is frankly ridiculous, and has been for about twenty years.
This is... Not a good response. Changing out 1 player would not have changed the game, and Garner has barely played outside of the Europa League and would've been crushed, theres no argument to be made.\n\nI'm at peace with the fact that our midfield is dogshit without Pogba and McTominay, it'll get there.
Mis-controlled it, only regained possession by use of the arm. It would have been given on the half way line today, last year, and ten years ago.
The tv played it at least 12 times and it didn\u2019t hit his arm.  Also, importantly, we didnt deserve 3 points.
UCL and premier league definitely have different rules on handball interpretation.
But why were we trying to defend a slender lead instead of going for a 4th. You're acting as if Sheffield were attacking us so we had to add a defender to cope with them when in actuality they couldn't get out of their own half. The sub was 5 minutes too early.
We should have gone for the 4th, yes. We still had 4 attackers on the field. Just saying that bringing on an extra defender was the right call.
Klopp in his first season had the same form as Rogers
But assuming a hard 150m budget, we spent a big portion of it on one player who hasn\u2019t really made us much better. We still concede stupid goals and from corners
We are better actually. Problem is our midfield is so weak opponents can easily bypass them when McTominay isn't playing.\n\nThere's no DM that can save us when our choice is Jones or Rojo. Bailly's forever injured. Smalling, however good for Roma he is now, is not a good passer and have trouble against players with pace.
Oh, the root of the problem is definitely Woodward/Matt Judge. \n\nOle still doesn\u2019t have tactics/ability to manage a club this size. He\u2019s out of his element, and taking Martial out kinda showed how far out he is.\n\nI wish the Glazers ran this club like an American franchise, where the GMs make 2 coaching mistakes and they are fired themselves and don\u2019t get to continue to make mistakes. This is strike 4 for Woodward just on coaching hires/fires.
I don't agree, we played reasonably well after 45 and Jones went off for Lindgard, and even better after Pereira went off.  However first half had us in Sheffield's pockets
You missed the points more than Man Utd did today.
Exactly. Once that was thrown out the window and we overloaded the attack against Sheffield who were sitting back we strung together 3 goals in 10 minutes. Ole then tries to restructure the team by bringing off Martial for Axel and we did poor trying to defend the lead. That last sub killed our momentum and we have been horrible this season at sitting back.
Dude. You are wrong and honestly asking the wrong questions. Since SAF left, we have been poor (albeit there are sprinkles of wins). What manager do you want now? Do you not see a recurring theme? This Ole out shit is absolutely absurd.
Ole was sacked for winning only 9 in 30 for Cardiff. He\u2019s won only 2 more in the same # of games. Please tell me our expectations should be higher than that.
So Tottenham FC sacked Poch to get Jose and you still think Poch can be our saviour???? Especially while he has to operate under this toxic board? \n\nWhat is your opinion?
Jose is the person you bring in to get temporary results on an underperforming team. He's a stop gap for Spurs. After a couple seasons inevitably the players turn against him because his management style is notoriously toxic. Man United needs someone who can transform the culture long term. Mourinho is not that person. Maybe Poch isn't either, but Jose was not gonna be your miracle worker.\n\nMany spurs fans would have rather seen that money spent on Mourinho and buying Poch out of his contract, spent on players who could help the team and want to be there long term.
Yep, bought the guy 2 years ago and his contribution to the team is equal to ZERO.
He won us the penalty. So it's 1 contribution, and thanks to him the medical department have jobs so there's that
Unless you have the same eyesight condition as stevie wonder, Axel was playing right in a back 3. If he wanted to sure up the midfield why not do it after 30mins, when it was clear that we were over ran in that area. Why take martial off and play rashford at the number 9? Why fucking change it when we started to play well in the first place? I'm sorry but if that doesn't show you how tactically inept the man is nothing will.
I bet you'd be saying even worse if he had kept martial on and theyd have equalised. Like i said youd rather see ole fail than the club suceed
If you don't see a problem with putting a CB in DM while you have a CM on the bench, idk what to tell you.
He can play cdm bro
Exactly my point tbh. I don\u2019t see where this club is headed with Ole in charge. Wolves have a better chance of getting European Qualification than us
Maybe not dominant for most periods after HT, but the change of Lingard after HT gave us more of a threat going forward, something we lacked in the first half. Hence why the front three were so isolated. It was a poor decision to bring in Axel I agree, but we did look dominant prior to this substitution and his involvement just affected the game massively
Are you happy being 10th? Maybe you should eff off?
9th actually... but not really. The club is going through a tough patch that\u2019s for sure and it\u2019s not where we would like it to be but to be constantly calling for the managers head is wild. Let the man work and try to build something. Changing managers every fucking year won\u2019t make a difference.
Brilliant and constructive counter argument mate, love debating on this sub
There's opinion and there's abusing the manager. It's not on no matter who it is in charge.
It is. He picks the team, he picks the tactic, he makes the subs. \nWhat style of play do we have? Sit back and hope for counterattacks and pray if a team sits deep? \nOur manager is responsible for the training. \n\nYes, Woodward is far more incompetent, that goes without saying.
We're 9th a third of the way through the season, quite a bit of slip ups to pounce on, no? If you think a win against the best team from Kazakhstan is the stick to beat back the Ole out gang, maybe rethink it.
Said Astana because they're our next opponents. Would have said the same against any upcoming opponents.
Well the youth are getting their chance against Astana and the result is not going to matter anyway as we are clear for the next round in the EL already. So don't get  your hopes up for a bulldozing of Astana (our maybe we will, looking at the good performance from the youngsters today)
Thankfully you will be here with another star post defending mediocrity
Yeah thanks. I'm sure you were absolutely fuming when i did the Pogba and Rashford write ups and the attacking display analysis.
Be critical al you like but show the man some fucking respect or fuck off to arsenal
look at the players e had at tottenham at bar\u00e7a he has one of the greatest of all time,not really that hard to win with them
Agreed \u201ccertainly not his fault\u201d the second half of my post refers to the whole team, so we\u2019re in agreement
>best offensive player.\n\nHow so? Is Rashford not playing for United this season?
It's like everybody tries their best not to give Rash any praise. Man is our best player. None of this cute shit.
I\u2019d be interested in professional minutes played of the both teams?? SU were far more savvy and and made better decisions, especially in the first half. I know their minutes would be in lower leagues but our lads are most definitely learning on the job
Ten Hag and Nagelsmann aren't options.
Such a poor way of thinking. Why waste half a season?
Because, if anything, Pochetino needs a break before managing again. This season is already a write off, better let Ole see it out and asess our options at the end.
Because nobody bloody rebuild a club in winter . We have already waited 7 years, half a season wont kill. Pogba and McT are coming back, just patient a bit at least.
Because we had no foundation to build on. SAF left us and the foundation was in shambles due to the mismanagement over the years from the Glazers. Every manager that came here pretty much has been set up to fail. At least Ole is fixing the shambolic foundations in the club, also you can't expect such a young team to be consistent with their performances. Not excusing the poor performances today, but given that Ole has said it will take 2-3 seasons to fix this issue, I don't think sacking Ole during his first full season will fix anything in the long run. The best we can do is at least give him the full season and reassess.
I think I would be the same
The most level-headed thought in this thread
On paper we have good defenders and we have rapid strikers. Playing defensive counter attacking football sounds like the perfect way to play then, no?
What are you going to do if the opponent sits deep? \nPlus we don't have players that can deliver a ponpoint cross-court pass to bypass the opponent's midfield except Pogba.
We weren't defending anything today. It was only the attack which saved our arses today but then martial was taken off exactly after we scored three goals smh.
Because the sub killed our momentum enough to give them a route back in the game. When we attacked without caution they couldn\u2019t keep up. Would have scored another if Martial stays on IMO.
What? Martial did absolutely nothing the whole match. Had no part in any of our goals and made no contributions to our attacking play. Taking him off was the right decision. The only thing you could complain about is maybe that it didn't happen earlier.
He basically swapped in Tuanzebe so we didnt have to play Lingard as a CM besides Fred as we had done before.. But people on this sub that are clueless about football see the name Tuanzebe and instantly goes WHY WE SITTING BACK.\n\nThen they go and suggest Tuanzebe or Rojo would suit playing as CDMs......
Yeah I\u2019m not denying we\u2019re in a shit situation with injuries and what not but there was a tactical switch towards the end and it completely killed any momentum we had. \n\nIt happens with a young team, and especially when you\u2019re missing important first teamers but I don\u2019t think Ole gets a free pass for this particular game.\n\nI\u2019m not Ole out and I\u2019ve criticised Mourinho for similar tactics before (2-1 versus Liverpool, he subbed on fellaini and we lost control of the game, lucky not to draw).
For about two minutes, then he brought off Martial for Tuanzebe.\n\nWhy not leave Tony on and go for the kill? We've proven time and time again we can't hold a one goal lead, we have to start pushing for two.
My guess was to stabilize the midfield. Plus Axel was moving the ball better than Andreas or Fred.\n\nThe comeback was good, nevertheless. I hope Mason gets more starting opportunities from now on.
He sat back on a one goal lead and was punished. Again.\n\nIt's happened so fucking often now so no, he's getting no credit from me.
Greenwood. Obviously.
So has everyone else, Chelsea are playing with two championship players, zouma at cb and no kante for a number of games after losing their best player and signing no one in the summer\n\nOur squad may not be top 4 quality but its definitely better than sheffield uniteds, bournemouth, newcastle\u2019s, west hams, wolves, palace and whoever else we\u2019ve failed to beat this season
I can't name one manager that wouldn't do the same, but the manager should also see that the defense had an off day today, while the attack was currently working as it should. Don't fix things that isn't broken.
Nope. I'm allowed to voice my opinion. He's out of his depth.
You wouldn't keep DDG, Rashford, Pogba, or Tuanzebe?
My bad, was referring to outfield players but yes ofc I'd keep DDG. Tuanzebe falls under the bracket of youngsters so will give them time.\n\nI'm going to be honest (not popular) but I haven't been impressed with Rashford (even though he's been scoring a lot recently).\n\nI would keep Pogba but clearly he doesn't want to be here.
I'm sure you can push that number to 5 by adding de goat \nBut there is being progess made, we went from not being able to score more than 1 to scoring more than 1 \nOur crossing seems to have improved, or we just have someone more mobile in the box \nToday they were all over us but that's down to us being weak in midfield. So we need to strengthen there \nOle took a risk in thinning out the squad hoping the youth to step up. But the step ups to big for them at the moment. And we have had more injuries to important players. I'm not ole out but feel he has just about done enough to keep the job. If we have a fully fit team with pogba and Scott with martial up top and still get these results then my position on ole will change.
Sheffield played us off the park with a set of players just out of the championship. The standard of coaching and the game plan just elevates them, we should definitely be doing better with our set of players. Our players aren't as shit as we make them out to be IMHO
I'm no big fan of Poch but he could almost definitely do better than this.
Yes
Probably because he wouldn't be subbing off Martial for a defender and he probably wouldn't have started Jones
It is.
Thank christ, you never know these days lol
I\u2019ll be really honest, no bias, ole is a legend so we have the sentiment so we allow him, but you think if he was at Arsenal after this united job hypothetically he would be getting the fans support 3 years vision plan? Also no team in the Prem will hire him I\u2019m afraid because you need a CV to show clubs around the league, you don\u2019t get a job with being a club legend at another club..
I agree. Woodward and the board are hurting this club by sticking to their guns with this decision. We're not going anywhere with Solskjaer
Of course, SAF used to base his teams in academy products, or players who had been there long enough to be molded in to united players. He then topped off with signings to be the icing om the cake. This is not 100% accurate, but close enough. We were lucky that we had scholes, giggs and Beckham, and brought in keane.\n\nNow we have Ole who is in the very beginning of His united career and is being questioned just like SAF were. He is building for the future and Will keep doing so, for as long as he is here. Mistakes and tactical misses happens, but in my mind he is our best choice.\n\nMaybe Im wrong, but he has had One window (a good one at that). He has not been given time, the football (when it clicks) a lot more entertaining than before, signings is on point and his philosophy is something I can get behind
There are a few misconceptions about your post. Ole and SAF are a contrast of one another. SAF came into a United squad that was old, and quite simply out of touch with reality similar to Moyes, if anything. SAF set out to bring forth a new culture, and he did so by selling some he thought were bad characters to have such as Whiteside, Strachan, and McGrath. Ole has not done this at all. He let go of Lukaku and Sanchez, but happily gave contracts to deadwood like Young, Jones, AP, etc. Thus, much different too SAF. \n\nFurthermore, SAF came into the club with an idea out of how to run the club, let alone the team. He revamped the club from top to bottom, from scouting to coaching to even how a problem portrayed himself even on an off day. He brought discipline to the club. So, what, if anything has Ole done to justify this comparison? Has he changed the structure? Maybe, certainly the team is buying younger players. Has he changed the coaching? No, it's still shit. How Carrick and McKenna make that set of coaches is beyond me. It's clear they don't do much, but act as mentors similar to Phil Neville and Ryan Giggs. \n\nEven more so, on the pitch, the two are in complete different sides of the spectrum. SAF came into a team that played in a manner suited for the time, long balls, strong strikers, etc. etc. SAF implemented a style that was a bit different than others. Instead of hoofing it up, he attempted to get the wingers more involved than the CF. Hence why, Man United acquired a reputation of playing with pace down the flanks. In contrast, Ole came into a team with a defensive identity, and changed it...for 1.5 months. There is no question the first month or so of Ole's temporary stint, the team played free flowing, one-two touch, fast paced football. Then, he completely overhauled and changed his tactics into much more defensive. When LVG said Ole was defensive, I shook my head, but after watching the games following the statement, I saw it. He sits back, and hopes for a counter attack. No question SAF did this as well, but did he do it against lower opposition? That is the difference between the two. One has the experience, knowledge, and confidence to adjust his system while the other one has no clue and changes it on a weekly basis. \n\nWhether one supports or does not support Ole, he nor his situation is absolutely nothing like SAF's.
The fact of the matter is this squad is still far better than most of the teams they've lost to, Ole is not good enough
Because changing a manager now isnt going to do anything with our injury situation, which basically made the game yesturday go as it did. We are missing pogba and mc tominay, essentially our entire midfield. \n\nChanging managers when the going gets though is what we have been doing for ages.  \n\nIt has led us to having a Frankenstein squad with simply not enough skill or depth. \n\nOles three signings have been great, and give him another window there will be more players to fill the depth that is currebtly lacking. \n\nThe tactical changes that led us to scoring 3 goals in 7 minutes were great. And as Ole says, something has changed with the teams attitude. \n\nLast season we didnt have the mentality to come back from being under. Now we do. I think that is because the players have confidence.\n\nIf we had has a competent midfield last night, things would have played out differently. That is on the injuries. Not on Ole.
So he's the man for the job because you don't want to fire him?
When our pre-season ended the general feeling was that we can make it to top4 even with a thin squad.. From that, to top 10 it's a long way.. He's to blame too, he let some players to leave without bringing in replacements.
Well, there it is. He said we have a top 10 squad. And we are 9th. So what's with the outrage here? \n\nPeople have to say we are a top 10 team to be able to defend Ole. Also, when we had our full squad we were still shit lately, but people tend to forget that for some reason.
Stop saying we have a top 10 squad, look at the teams above us for a second. Does Sheffield, Wolves, Burnley, etc have a better squad than we do? Not just that, look at the teams just below us like Brighton, Bournemouth, etc. Chelsea's squad isn't being questioned because their manager got them to play good football and get results, but at the start of the season everyone was saying they were doomed. We have a better squad than we had when we finished 2nd slightly over a year ago. It's beyond obvious to anyone who isn't desperate to make excuses for Ole that he should be doing much, much better than he is with the current squad.
**Pereira and Fred.** *Two man midfield* of **Pereira and Fred**. Yes, Wolves with NEVES AND MOUTINHO, have a better midfield. YES, Sheffield and Burnley both have better midfields as well because they are playing CMs in CM. \n\nChelsea has Kovacic, Kante, and Jorginho. That is one of the best midfield 3 in Europe. Plus depth with Mount and Barkley. That's not on Lampard.\n\nWe also DO NOT have a better squad that we had when we finished second. Not even **close**. Pogba, Herrera, Blind, Fellaini, Matic, McTominay, Carrick, Pereira, and Mkhitaryan all as midfield options. Plus Lukaku and Ibrahimovic.\n\nThis season we haven't even seen Pogba! Your perception of our squad is laughable.
Chelsea\u2019s midfield is really stacked though.  Their only true hole is in defense, Rudiger is about the only good player there.  Plus they have the hazard money plus whatever they didn\u2019t spend due to the ban
So what do we do then? \n\nIf the wrong people are in charge of the club that isn't going to suddenly change just because OGS is in charge.\n\nThe choice is essentially was another billion with Ole or roll the dice and waste a billion with someone else. It's probably worth the risk tbh.\n\nUnless you are advocating sticking with Ole long enough to for the Glazers dividends to be put at risk   which as far as I can tell is asking for at least a decade of mid table mediocrity.
Idk what is the solution to save us rn but at least stick with Ole til the end of this season . Winter is not a time to rebuild at all.
The current manager doesn't work either
Yeah potentially play Axel, or don't play a back 3. Who do we hold accountable for that horrific first 70 minutes? Are you saying on players and not coaching?
I agree, good point. But we had a whole transfer window to bridge that gap. Can you honestly say we've got anywhere closer than we were last season?
They got Pulisic back from loan, so no synod they got no reinforcements is a bit of a stretch.
Wth, criticize Ole the manager all you want. The player is abo-fucking-utely a legend. Man has scored so many famous goals for the club and is a part of one of our most decorated seasons. \n\n\nThis is disgraceful, OGS the player is a legend and nothing will change that.
I would buy that argument if all that pep had done is win the Norwegian league
>City has so much quality depth, and an \"elite\" manager yet they are still struggling just because of a few injuries,\n\nWow! If struggling means winning 4 of your last 5 league games while sitting on third while scoring the most goals in the league and having the joint best goal difference i'll gladly take it! You must think really highly of Guardiola if that's what you consider 'struggling'. Anything to absolve the inept Solskjaer of blame for piss poor performances huh?
They're not performing anywhere near what they should with that squad. 11 points off Liverpool and below Leicester. Does Leicester have a better squad than city? Does Leicester have a better squad than us? Arguably yes, better midfield and arguably better attack.
Yes but unfortunately if it\u2019s anything but a loss Ole stays, I think
Alright, maybe that was a little stretch. I wasn\u2019t happy with Jones as a selection because our midfield was non existent. At least he made a change at half time. I stand by my other points.
[deleted]
No mate, what we are going to do is stop take a breath give it half an hour then take a long hard look at that fucking midfield. Then we are going conclude that no manager in the world would have pulled some magical tactics or formation out of their arse that would have gotten anything out of that first half. Lastly, if you want - couldn't care less at this point, we will realise how silly we must look to other people blaming Ole for shit he is absolutely not at fault for. \n\nThe more points we pick up with this shit squad, the more we should be hailing oles tactical genius that's how fucking bad the likes of Jones and Pereira are.
It's a flukey result he barely deserved, on par with the PSG 'win'. On another day we get hammered, but it'll earn Ole another stay of execution. Simply not good enough.
Did you read what I wrote? I said we need to find a better partner for AWB (because AWB is not good going forward).
Sorry lol read it wrong. Weve had the same problem since ronaldo left for years we had valencia doing all our attacking and he wasnt good going forward from rb its still the same problem
you would be surprised maybe not anymore but I remember arguing with somebody at the start of the season.
Jose got more out of these players in fact some of our better players were not an option for Jose. Jose was doing better this time last season than ole is currently with arguably a worse squad. He wanted a CB Ole got one everyone saw we needed a RB ole got one Jose would have done much better if they were given to him last season.\nI understand and agree with your second paragraph however I don't think ole is the person we stake a claim to. I don't want to keep changing managers but this one is not up to the job at what point do we decide enough is enough? people said xmas but lets be honest that won't matter there will be more excuses. do we wait for relegation? I want a consistent manager but I want them to be good enough to move in the right direction ole is going backwards.
So question for you why did we get rid of Jose? Players pulled off games like Newcastle...
because jose fell out with players, called our youth shit in public wanted to sell our most important players etc jose deservedly got sacked
what were your thoughts on Newcastle under Jose? we had 9 good minutes and now suddenly all is good? never mind that a match is 10 times that amount of time.
I wholeheartedly agree. Hes only had one window and I think it showed good indications so let's see what the next couple bring!
He has to help himself though. \n\nHe doesn't move, he doesn't try and manipulate defenders positions, he doesn't drop deep to get involved, he doesn't press defenders when they are on the ball, he doesn't even try and get in behind.\n\nIf all he can offer is as a finisher when we are already playing well... why bother having him on the pitch in a game like this???
It helps if he makes runs. He was too static
Also he was against 3 CBs at times.
He cant even be bothered to do the basics though.\n\nI generally dont like criticising players for not being passionate or trying hard enough  but he seems like the kind of guy who just gives up when things aren't going his way. In all honesty I'm not sure we need players like that.
Yeah forget him carrying the attacks when hes on it we need someone that shows more passion
Nah you misread my comment - I saw people saying \u2018Everyone saying ole out are plastic cunts\u2019 and now they\u2019re nowhere to be seen
sorry hermano I miss read
You're telling me Sheffield players on paper are better than us? Because by hell, they show what happens when you have fantastic tactics from the manager and they play football far above what you'd expect for a newly promoted side. \n\nOle is 100% to blame for these tactics. You can say the board is responsible to giving into the chant and giving him the job, handing out extortionate contracts to frankly shit players who should be nowhere near the team. \n\nBut the job of the manager is to manage. Ole has not done that. We played 70 mins of probably the worst football I've seen at this club. \n\nHe needs to go. Phelan, McKenna, Carrick and the fitness team need to be cleared out as well.
Realistically who would you bring in as manager to replace OGS to turn the team around?  I mean, from a tactical perspective, what would you have done with the players we had available yesterday?\n\n&#x200B;\n\nYesterday wasn't just about getting tactics wrong, it also highlighted the fact that we don't have depth in key positions. My point still remains that the reinforcements that OGS bought in and the academy products that he's used up until now show that he's got an eye for talent identification compared to some of the useless shites that we've bought in since Fergie. You're right, on paper yesterday should not have happened, but bear in mind that Sheffield had a fully fit squad whereas our first choice midfielders are injured. Also it proved that we have a lot of donkeys in the team that shouldn't be in the starting XI. Pogba and Mctominay instead of Fred and Pereira would have made a huge difference. And anybody instead of Jones...
https://www.spotrac.com/epl/payroll/ for example\n\nBear in mind it doesn't take into account were still paying a generous amount of Sanchez wages (300k I think a week)
Well, looking at that we don't have the highest paid squad in the league. Sanchez isn't here so shouldn't come into the discussion. Can't fault Ole at all for his recruitment, the players he's actually signed have been fairly good
You know what. I had no idea about that haha
That's fair enough
Standards among the fan base has dropped massively for shit like this to be acceptable. This was a horrid tactical set up that was only miraculously saved by youth players.\n\nAnd then Ole decided to go defensive with tuanzebe and took out martial which led to a fucking equalizer. But yea I'm just bantering for sure
Yeah sack ALL of the coaches that will help the issue.
I can tell someone's being a bit oversensitive here.
So you identified yourself with being a toxic \"fan\" and now you need a way to insult back. You might as well be a toxic gamer and a Man Utd \"fan\". Can't get any worse than that.\n\nAnd actually I'm from Serbia.
Was a joke
I meant we didn\u2019t deserve them, all well worked goals and good goals too. I\u2019ll edit it
I have no clue. Tuanzebe should have started over Jones in the first place. He did well otherwise but coming off a long injury and immediately being thrown in a pressure situation defending a lead is unfair to him.  And I\u2019m sure we would have scored more if we kept Tony on. They front three and Brandon were linking up like mad towards the end.
I'm a massive fan of tuanzebe, he's a good player, but at 84 mins when we're running riot after coming back from 2 goals down I don't see the logic of sitting back and putting pressure on our defence. Aside from 10 mins of quality the game was a hard watch.
McBurnie himself admitted that it struck his arm.
The policy so far has been to disallow every goal possible unless it\u2019s for LiVARpool. Look at Sterling\u2019s goal yesterday or the \u201cpush\u201d that went against Crystal Palace.
I remember an identical one being given in last season champions league final.
He doesn't have an answer because he didn't watch the game
He didn\u2019t do anything wrong just the sub has to blame someone and that\u2019s easier than admitting that our squad depth and quality is poor. We are without 3 of our 5 midfielders meaning the 2 that are left are arguably the worst of the lot. \n\nLet\u2019s be honest, we have 2 cms who are arguably of the quality for Uniteds squad let alone first team so until that changes people will always blame the manager.
If only everyone who learned from Fergie became Fergie
thank you, we can\u2019t perform well for not even a tenth of the match and then get all hyped up, we need this constantly throughout the match
He\u2019s totally out of his depth at this level imo.
Nope good coaching can do a lot tbf.. \n\nMoussa sissoko ffs was in Pochettinos UCL final team...
He's really not.\n\nHe is a mid-low tier PL player at the **absolute best** \\- that's being extremely generous.\n\nWe might be in that range now but certainly it's not our ambition to be forever.\n\nHe's a backup now (being used only because Pogba and McTominay out) and he still stinks the place up every time he plays.
I have to disagree, it depends on what's happening on the pitch, we had control, and we were closer to our fourth, than they to their third, Tuanzebe is a youngster and he had no time to get into the heat of the game, football isn't black and white, having one more cb does not mean more security on the back.\n\nWe scored three goals when they fell back into their area and gave us the ball, we decided to do the same, playing more people in the back is telling them to attack us with more numbers.
To be fair, he came in on midfield, not as a center back.
No they haven't, idk why you are defending VAR when its universally agreed to be poor. \nI can name 3 major wrong decisions in the Liverpool game vs city alone.
[deleted]
Anyone who watched the match can immediately discredit that stat as nonsense.
I specifically complemented him on one
Not only that, one of the major recommendation from fans was to play 3 ATB, really shit to see people turn on him like that.
The problem was that Tuanzebe got a knock during trainingand was replaced with jones. So there the rehearsed setup went down the drain and Jones didn't make a good figure of himself at all.
Fred, Andreas and rest of the team barring Jones have all played regularly and with each other. Certainly didn\u2019t look that way. Looked like each player had a different gameplay instruction. Unacceptable at this level and this point in the season from us.
Fred and Andreas with a back three hadnt happened enough to expect it to work. Through in Williams and AWB on the wing, you\u2019re outside your mind if you think this was minor changes.  The entire midfield was outmanned and out of position. Then you throw in jones in a back three... yeah, that\u2019s not close to normal
Doesn't mean it's right thing to do. We've done it plenty of times and got burnt. They wanted to attack they wanted us to take on their pressure and we played right into their hands. And got burnt for it. FFS they dominated us for 70 minutes when we were 3 AT. Bring on a midfielder (in theory) if you want to kill the game off. Don't do something that didn't work for 70 minutes of the game. But sure, this take is soooo controversial.
A DM doesn't change anything in that last goal we conceded. That was a back 4 that shat themselves and couldn't get it clear. Lindelof showed no authority to clear the ball, Maguires marking was far too loose, nobody should be allowed to control and shoot from 8 yards, absolute joke defending, they were doing this all game aswell, far too loose marking.\n\nOur defense is indeed soft, I'm starting to believe it's the coaching, lindelof has regressed so much.  hows he won swedish footballer of the year last two years? I'm absolutely amazed.
A good DM won\u2019t change the last goal we conceded.  However if we do have that DM we probably would not have to defend a fragile lead to begin with.  Remember what ander can do in tight positions in high tempo scenarios?  If we had that yesterday we would not even have to concede the first two goals.  In the meantime we might get more chances in the first half.
I can't speak for his mental state, but if the job becomes available to Poch, I doubt he would turn it down. All I am saying is that Poch is also a gamble because his buys are hit and miss. He would be an upgrade in terms of tactics and management but he may not reach the level we think. If you assess the players he brought in at Spurs\n\n \n\nMichel Vorm - Miss\n\nPau Lopez ( On loan) - Miss\n\nBen Davies - Hit\n\nKieran Trippier - Hit\n\n Toby Alderweireld - Hit\n\n Victor Wanyama - Hit\n\nDele Alli - Hit\n\nMoussa Sissoko - Miss\n\nHeung-min Son - Hit\n\n Georges-Kevin N'Koudou - Miss \n\nClinton N'Jie - Miss\n\nVincent Janssen - Miss\n\nLucas Moura - Hit\n\nSerge Aurier - Miss\n\nI'm not even including Soldado and Llorrente. Which brings me to my point. Poch is fond of buying strikers that don't score goals. Soldado, Llorrente, Janssen etc etc. Having Kane has just papered over the cracks of his poor buys.
It\u2019s true. Once Mitchell left spurs\u2019 transfers were largely missed and they were continuing off that initial grp of players
No manager is going to get bring in players that will work out 100%, too many factors involved that influences how players end up being. I think the **board need to be aware of this** rather than just piling additional pressure on the manager. Although, tbf to OGS (and I want him gone), he has got 3 spot on. \n\nThe club have mentioned about recruiting right characters so it's definitely something we're working on.
I ran more than the boys today, until my ankle gave in again, water bottle got stolen too - probably some scousers. All that for a 1/100 of what these millionaires get paid.
Ring up the Academy, see if they take you.
On what points do you not agree with him?
You are being sarcastic right?!
Yea but \u2018Moyesy\u2019 had a title winning team inherited from Fergie and Ole is playing with academy graduates after inheriting one of the most toxic dressing rooms from a toxic manager. There\u2019s a difference.
Lol don\u2019t let Fergie\u2019s genius make you believe that the squad was quality when he retired. We were bang average and ageing
SU is a bad team? Then you have no clue
Every decent manager finds ways to deal with it, remember fergie's 7-2-1 vs arsenal? It's up to the manager to make do with a less than ideal situation. \n\n\nLampard doesn't have defenders he wants, Rodgers had to make do without the wide players he wanted. \n\nMy last comment agrees with you btw, if ole can't manage a team with a fully fit midfield then he should be sacked asap
Yea, it\u2019s absurd he\u2019s not with the team.
Not trying to win a popularity contest here
I will be messaging you on [**2020-11-24 21:47:41 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-24%2021:47:41%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/e128fn/post_match_thread_sheffield_utd_3_3_manchester_utd/f8mjrvd/)\n\n[**2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Freddevils%2Fcomments%2Fe128fn%2Fpost_match_thread_sheffield_utd_3_3_manchester_utd%2Ff8mjrvd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-24%2021%3A47%3A41%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.\n\n^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20e128fn)\n\n*****\n\n|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/c5l9ie/remindmebot_info_v20/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|\n|-|-|-|-|
Klopp was proven, Ole isn't. I'm all for giving time but only to someone who is proven.
Did we not give time to LVG and Jose, two very proven managers in the modern era of football? Look where that got us. C'mon man.
Yeah, still some very bad decisions on the ball, but also some nice passes between the lines.\n\nMaybe 'the best' was exaggerating a bit, but he gets way more shit than deserved imo
They were dead and buried at 3-2... going back to 3 at the Back was suicide.
He didn\u2019t go to 3 at the back - Axel played in midfield.\n\nE: downvote all you like - rewatch the game
>Ole is the only manager this season to take points of Liverpool\n\nIs this what its come down to for united in 2019?  We're 9th on the table around December, but we held the mighty Liverpool at Old Trafford, OLE IN! I guess this is what Liverpool supporters felt like during Fergie's dominance and their steep decline. Beating or getting points off us meant EVERYTHING to them. We're going nowhere fast under Solskjaer. Midtable status
Ridiculous, isn't it?
Lool People on here are so dumb. When it gets to December they\u2019ll still be saying itS oNlY hALf SeAsON when there\u2019s clearly no progression. Mediocrity has seeped into them, so much that it\u2019s a norm to them lmao
Lmao don\u2019t be stupid, I clearly know the problem stems from the top. If there\u2019s a Saudi takeover, best believe that Ole won\u2019t remain, or you think he will? Not a chance in hell. We don\u2019t need a wc manager, but one that is tactically firm. Mou fell out with players and we all know when there\u2019s a distortion in the dressing room, everything goes wrong. Van Gaal brought in players not good enough and we\u2019re still reaping from that effect. There are reasons why they didn\u2019t work out majorly because of the Glazers, but in such situation, if indeed the manager is right for the job there just be progression. This my friend, is regression.
Exactly, look at how stellar our results have been when McTominay has been in the team.
Pereira's terrible I don't see why people rate him
You know its true.
Garner.
Yep you didn't watch the match. You honestly believe Garner was going to hold his own against the physical side SheffieldU are?
> Garner is not ready for a hame like this.\n\nbut andreas at cm is
No, but at least his long term development is already beyond fixing. Throwing Garner into this mess could have ended really badly.
Rose tinted specs. He's been getting played around for fun. If he had been here for 5 years he'd be getting rightfully slaughtered.
Poor personel choices in the starting XI (namely Jones and Pereira) and then defensive tactics at the end of the game when Sheffield were in the ropes are what cost us 2 points. Safe to say that the manager failed at his job at crucial times, no?\n\nPeople say that players must be ready to get things working for 90+ minutes, but the same also applies to the manager.
Ok who else should\u2019ve played instead of Jones and Periera. Let\u2019s hear it. I bet your answer will be Garner and Tuanzebe. \n\nGarner is a good talent but not the game to give him a start. He\u2019s looked less than convincing in the games he\u2019s played. \n\nTuanzebe is coming back from an injury. \n\nGo
[removed]
[removed]
Even so, subbing Martial was not the right way to go unless we have someone else who can play up front in his place instead. To use a boxing analogy, Sheffield United were in the ropes. And besides, this is not about many managers. The manager of Manchester United needs to be more intelligent than this.
Pickford is a lump of trash tbf so overrated, dean henderson better..
Thanks God
Just doing my part for humanity.
That's absolutely awful.
Lmao could have been on 27 points and easily in top 4
Thank you. How can you watch that game and conclude \u201cthere\u2019s 10 mins left we should drop a bit deeper and see it out.\u201d \n\nFucking keep all our attacking and score another, it\u2019s the only time we didn\u2019t look dogshit.\n\nOle is all talk when it comes to playing with the right principles, doesn\u2019t back it up with his actions.
Good at extending leads?? Which team have you been watching this season?! Look at our goals scored column ffs
Good at extending leads? How many times have we done that this season? Twice? Thrice? We should be able to protect that lead easily, we just suck.
Yes but imagine keeping Rashford, Martial, Greenwood, James, Lingard on the pitch and then conceding a goal? The perfect substitution would have been to consolidate our midfield and keep hold of the ball better by taking off Martial/Rashford but we didn't really have that option.
I'm more saying the sub was made a few minutes too early Sheffield did not even have the intent of attacking until the sub was made. Ole should have waited until they got a little bit of momentum before making the change. Making that sub at that time gave them the momentum as it took away from ours
You don't know whether he would or wouldn't. Also just because Poch may have made that decision, doesn't mean I can't criticise it. \n\nOle played shit tactics for the vast majority of the match and when he finally got it right, he changed it. He's out his depth
You don't know whether Fred (as the only midfielder) was going to get overrun in the last 5 either. You're talking from hindsight.\n\n> He's out his depth\n\nDo you think three time Premier League winner Mike Phelan agreed or disagreed with the substitution?
Ofc, forgot about him hahah
[removed]
[removed]
He's very bad. If he's the best am we have we shouldn't play with one
Well, I would prefer a 433 and not 4231 but Ole loves his 4231.
You might be right but I\u2019d honestly take another interim manager at this stage over Ole, I\u2019m just so fucking sick of watching us under him. \n\nHonestly it beggars belief that anyone is anything other than wanting him sacked right now I just can\u2019t see any justification for wanting to keep him. \n\nI agree fuck the board
When mourinho and van gaal were incharge i also wanted them to get sacked during the season but with the way Ole\u2019s turning out I\u2019d rather we appoint a permament manager and hopefully it doesn\u2019t bacome too bad this season so that the new manager can start fresh with a pre season under his belt.
Ooh, thanks!
That's definitely not basic for most of the players.
It doesn\u2019t take much for people on this sub to play down our own players.
Yeah, the one with double digit goals, y'know?
It's not all about assists and goal. When we play with Martial we score a lot more goals, his movements and passes increase the ability of the whole team in terms of attack.
I agree. But I say we get some midfielders and a real 9. The only reason for what you just mentioned is that we have no midfield. i still stand by my opinion that Rashford is more productive in this team. Our Striker has 3 goals all season ffs.
Nah rashford hasnt surpassed him and you can see in our performances how much of a difference Martial makes
No. I cant see. That's our 9. We need Haaland. Martial isn't a 9.
You could take Rashford out and watch the team struggle massively too.
Is it really something that's hard to improve on? I never really played football that seriously so I'm a bit clueless there, but it seems like something that could be drilled into a player
I wouldn't know for certain at the highest level.  But I imagine it is something that is very hard to learn because it isn't a technical skill, it's mental & in all sports, those are the hardest attributes to teach or learn. \n\nIt's picking your head but also slowing the game down in your head & seeing the big picture which is probably the hardest thing to do in the game.
He didn\u2019t say that though, because that\u2019s an actually fair point. Rashford would have definitely shot where James pulled it back for 3-2. Rashford passes a lot in build up play.
That's exactly what I meant
I agree with what you are saying, but its not something we can actually solve until January at the earliest. Unless you want to try something truly drastic like playing a rashford in behind martial, James left and greenwood Right.
Please read my initial comment.
I have never seen axel play CDM under Ole, I have seen him play in a back three though.
Martial, Rashford, Greenwood and James as 'strikers'.   \n\nJesse as attacking mid - ah yes I was counting Andreas, who was already off. Still a lot of players (half the team) that are attackers really. So it was a necessary sub.
We didn\u2019t move to 3atb. Tuanzebe played as a DM in a midfield 3
Tuanzebe played at DM, we didn't switch to 3atb
It's difficult to say you're absolutely wrong about the sub being the right call, as we both agree that we basically had no midfield today. So bringing on a player to protect our lead made sense. \n\nBut one thing I'll say is if Ole is to trust the youth might as well go the distance and bring Garner on. We needed a CM and had a CM. Bringing Axel on only to concede doesn't exactly do wonders for his confidence either tbh. \n\nAlso people are really downvote happy today.
I had hoped for Garner too. In the pre-match thread i had commented that Matic/Garner would probably be the option I'd like the most. Maybe Ole is saving him for Astana?\n\n\n>Also people are really downvote happy today.\n\n\nThat's why I like the post matchday thread better. More level headed discussion can be found once people calm down a bit. Cheers for having a good discussion! I enjoyed the debate with you :)
Very much this. Sheffield United were in the ropes, so we had to go for the knockout instead of giving them a chance to regroup and strike back.
Exactly,  if they would have been pressuring us,  then make sub,  but from what I can remember, the sub shifted the momentum in their favour.
Its fun when people say Jose wasnt backed enough, he bought players for so fucking much money, same did LVG. I agree that Ed is clueless, but to say that he havent backed the managers he have hired is plain stupid
Agreed. LVG got everything he wanted.
Well yeah, hence why it'd be smart to try to get another goal before inviting pressure.
I edited the comment, it should hopefully now address this
You have nothing to back your certainty that they would\u2019ve scored. He made the change they scored, it was the wrong decision...
When we scored our 3, they were focused on defending, while we threw ALL our players into their box. After we scored our 3, they have to go all in for a goal. Do you honestly think we should keep playing with 4 forwards and 1 midfielder? It only worked because they switched their focus to defending, when they switched back to attack, it's incredibly risky. That's asking them to go score a goal for free. They scored because of poor individual defensive execution in our own box. They'd have an easier time with that with 1 less defensive player out there. And it's not like we managed to control possesion, we just attacked quikly. We couldn't slow down and control the pace while pressuring them with 1 midfielder. It doesn't work. I swear some of you on here have never played football.
And you have nothing to back your certainty that we wouldn\u2019t concede if we\u2019d kept going all out attack.\nIf he doesn\u2019t make a change and we still concede, it\u2019s his fault for being naive.
Nice hyperbole
Looking forward to that 5th overall pick in the draft, any good CMs that are promising that we should get?
We've conceded 5th lowest goals and a lot of them have been due to individual errors.
Yeah. I hope he renews it quickly though.
Same here. I feel we will make top 6 at a push and hopefully win the Europa League.
 But do they have a useless \u00a350m midfielder that has the same name as the club mascot?!
we can't go through our mids and we can't play hoofball... just get the ball to James and let him run Aurier into the ground !
They got to play man united for the first time in their careers, a game shown around the world that put them and their club on the world football map. It was their biggest showcase to date.
Does that explain why they are above us in the table???  \n\n\nThat has been the scenario for decades, cannot be used as an excuse. Our squad as poor as it is should have so much more quality that this is a negligible factor.
Are you forgetting about all the saves DDG had to make before the first goal? We got proper bullied in that first half with absolutely NOTHING to show forward.
I agree. But Ole realized this and took Jones off at half. It got slightly better. Then Williams scored. It got better. Then Ole took Pereira off. It got better. We scored two more. The Ole tried to close out the game with Tuanzebe. Right call, wrong outcome.\n\nGive Ole midfielders that can create and protect the defence and we wouldn\u2019t have been 2-0 down in the first place.
Like it had in the first 70? Once we changed formation to a back 4 we looked much better and they did not look likely to score. Bringing on a holding midfielder was logical, the fact that people think it wasn\u2019t is baffling. And no, I was nervous about a 90th goal right after ours, sad state.
The fact that people think it wasn\u2019t isn't baffling, it just means people have different opinions, that's all. You and others believe a lead should be protected, others like myself believe it should be increased.\n\nThere's nothing wrong with having a different opinion, and on another day you might have been right. But understand that people will disagree with you when the opinion you defend was incorrect on the day.
I think you're onto something here. It was the right substitution to make, but it could have been a good idea to ride the momentum a few more minutes.
[deleted]
You know they had only conceded 9 goals up until this game, right? Making the right in-game decisions to get us 3 goals in 7 minutes is good, no matter how you slice it. It was his in-game decision making you were criticising. Now the excuse is that we are much better than them, so the subs and changes didn't matter...? They only matter when it hurts us..? Jesus you are so thick.
We are not much better than them. This is the problem.\n\nDis you watch the first half? The players simply isnt better.\n\nDoesnt matter if it says United on the front of their shirts. Name means shit if the ability isn't there.\n\nI am hard pressed to see Fred and Pereira as regular starters in any team in the top half of the league. Yet they are our midfield Today.
Yes we know it made the right calls by mere millimeters, you are making it out as if Pochettino was the only reason they got to the finals. You dont have to be Ole in/out have a different opinion on another manager
Yeah so? Why bring Var in if they were right decisions?
I agree James didn't do a smart job flying into the byline in the build up to the goal, but I'd still prefer him to stay and keep tracking back into defensive third. It also doesn't make sense to take Lingard off since that AM/ no. 10 role neither of the remaining attackers have much experience playing. But I agree with you on that between Rashford and Martial I might have preferred to take off Rashford.
I agree with your points although my orginal coment was only about the substitution, nothing else.\n\nAs for ole , i don't think he's going to be sacked but I can only speculate. As for if he should be sacked ? No. I would give him more time to build a squad he wants. We are clearly lacking in depth. Mcsause out and we are playing pereira in midfield. We all knew how that was gonna play out.\n\nOf course there are more underlying problems at the club which needs attention. Appointing a DOF would be a start. Sacking ole wouldn't be a start .
[deleted]
Tuanzebe actually came on as a cdm i think.
Match threads are horrible to be honest. Anyways,it still doesn't make it that bad of a move though. It's only worse because we conceded.
>But like I said our defense is known to crumble and give away leads so why invite the pressure?\n\nThat's true. But we have been pretty good lately when starting with a lead. Only noteworthy leads we have given up was Arsenal and Liverpool, one when everyone stopped playing and other an individual mistake. \n\nBut for me, it's a standard sub to see off a game. Of course you get crucified when it doesn't work.
I love that phrase so much, it hurts that you made me laugh. \nMy point is that you cant blame every single wrong pass and every single ball lost on the manager, the players are making rookie mistakes which Ole has no control over. He did the best thing considering the circumstances, and it didnt work out because of the players being extremely sloppy. \n\nYeah sorry, Eng is my 3rd language. I know they both derive from the same word, but i thought you could use them together since their meanings have differentiated a lot through the years.
Yeah, I mean obviously it\u2019s ultimately on the players for folding under pressure; at the same time, the manager should be aware of his players\u2019 weaknesses, in this case the mental fragility and lack of concentration of his defenders, and make choices to minimize the impact of those weaknesses. Everyone\u2019s at fault, including Lady Luck. I\u2019m just sick of letting victories slip through our fingers.\n\nDon\u2019t worry, your English is fine, I\u2019m just being a dick. \u201cDisregard\u201d is a good synonym for \u201cignore\u201d.
I can't disagree with that
> Allen from Napoli \n\nWhen did he move to Napoli?
LVG got top 4 once and Mourinho got top 4 once. Hardly what you would call consistent as you'd suggest.
Mou go did get us CL football in both his full seasons though. And LVG didn\u2019t miss out by much the season he was here and got sacked. I can\u2019t say the same for this season.
Veteran with a capital V.\n\nScholes left before Moyes even arrived. Evra were on his last legs. Nani was increasingly inconsistent and spent most of the season injured. Giggs and Rio were 35+. That's not past your prime, that's Laurent Blancing it.\n\nThe competition was quite weak in Ferguson's final year as well, which made United look better than they were. To put it in perspective, the team who came second the previous year, Man City, had their manager fired for that second place. Why? Because they got a point total that would have brought them to 5th place in Moyes year.
Calling for someone to be fired after terrible performances over a year is not \"publicly humiliating a legend\". Discounting Ole's failures is peak nepotism and is going to hurt United lot more than the mythical cultural change that Ole is supposedly creating at Utd.
I\u2019m sure there\u2019s a point there, but pretend I don\u2019t see it and explain it for me.
Changing managers hasnt worked before, why would it work now? VG and Mourinho are winners, and undeniably talented. We need to develop the squad, the squad isnt good enough by a long shot. I personally think a new manager now would be a step backwards.
That\u2019s true. But we were 3-2 up and subs made an impact. We had the momentum because of the subs. No need for mental gymnasticss.
We killed all momentum ourselves
But what can you expect from them when the midfield isn't there to back them up. Martial had great hold up play today with the few chances he got and helped create the third goal. Rashford was amazing with his assist and goal. They both played their parts in the attack. Would've liked more, but with a midfield like that, it's surprising we scored.
Spurs and City will be something else. Im not particualry looking forward to both, especially the city game.
City will give United the ball and still manage to kill the defence on the break
Did you watch the game? it was three goals from open play against arguably one of the best defenses in the league.
Not my point. Sheffield is hard to play, okay we\u2019ve heard. But other small teams United have dropped points to are inexcusable. You can make an excuse for Sheffield but don\u2019t go around thinking United don\u2019t do the same bs against other smaller teams.
But when I say it, I don\u2019t make sense. Clear as day this identity they see is non existent.
Yeah, exactly mate. It hurts how good Liverpool are at the moment and that's where united need to be, but some people are content with the direction we're going in..\n\n I love Ole and the lads (and would absolutely love for them to succeed) but we need a manager with more tactical nous. Maybe some players with higher IQ as well.
Its absolutely non existent. They can't even quantify it on here, its just repeated useless words based on a false narrative. The eye test clearly paints a different picture, if one is using their eyes.
Headless chicken football, did you even watch the buildups to our goals yesterday? It was good free flowing football.
We've seen more of the shit football before the 74th minute since our PSG win overall than what we saw for two of our goals against Sheffield. To say otherwise is being disingenuous
True. Several of his 18 goals for united came from open play though
He didn't loose the ball because we didn't use him that much, it was through Lindelof, and he was pressed, and got flak for that.\n\nAlso Smalling wanted to go, since he now longer was first choice with Maguire in.
Got flak for it? If Lindelof could handle the press since he's so great on the ball he should've been fine overall, like many other ball playing center backs. Blind never got flak for his handling of the ball when he was paired with Smalling for close to 60 games in his time with United
When you are controlling a game and pushing for a lead, you don't kill your own momentum and invite pressure by reverting to the same shape that nearly cost you everything in the first place.
When you\u2019re 3-2 up and have 5 attackers on and one midfielder you make the change. It\u2019s not his fault we gave them a decade and a half to shoot.
You haven\u2019t watched us since SAF left then. You haven\u2019t watched Tottenham all season. You have watched Arsenal the last decade. You haven\u2019t watched Pool before Klopp. You didn\u2019t watched Chelsea the season they finished 10th. \n\nFuck off with the reactionary negative shit. That second half was very fun to watch.
Nothing showed that SAF was going to be a top half manager. He was close to getting fired.\nI dont personally think Ole can be the new SAF, but if we keep firing managers that the board doesnt support with good enough players isnt the way to go.
Bruh
You cant possible know that. We could win, we could also win if we subbed lingard with de gea. What ifs doesnt really matter since you cant prove it
Statistically we were in the ascendency until that sub was made, at which point the stats descended and led to a goal. Using this hypothesis, and that of common sense, I can conclude that, had the sub not been made, we would have had a better chance of maintaining the lead
You think Ole is also our DOF then? You think Ole injured McTominay and Pogba then? I am not arguing that Ole's not at all fault. But, please, stop with all the negativity.
Yes but *I'm* not ignoring that maybe taking Martial off affected us; plenty are giving Ole absolutely zero credit for making changes that got us back into the game though. \n\nEven you've just done it here. \"Lingard came on at 45 lets not forget and Greenwood was after the first goal which saw Sheffield retreat.\" \n\nGreat so the only reason we scored the second was because we got the first (which happened because... not anything Ole did I'm guessing) and Sheffield sat back. but of course, we conceded, entirely and solely because Ole took Martial off; amirtie? \n\nand now you are going all the way back to not signing a mid in summer. So stands to reason he's blame for Pogba an McTom's injury since. He's to blame for Herrera leaving. He's to blame for Fred not being better than he's ever been. You say about Garner as if Williams didn't struggle massively, but I guess its Ole's fault he miscontrolled constantly, and didn't want the ball too. And don't you dare say it was his choice to start him, because I can guarantee what you'd be saying if he'd played Young and he'd struggled.
I mean my comment was off the back of yours which is why I pointed that out but ok lets take it as that's what I meant. What did ole change to get us the first goal? which btw came out of nowhere it was not at all indicative of the play at the time.\n\nSo what specifically would you say he did to change the game in the moments leading up to this as for me the last change I saw was Lingard on at half time. once again im happy to give him plaudits where he did well bringing Greenwood on helped as he is a better poacher than any others. I just don't see what ole did that changed the game the only thing he did well was bring Greenwood on. Lingard didn't change anything other than rectifying the jones mistake that was evident before the game started. And Axel took us back. I would be more willing to say he made a tactical change if it didn't take 70 minutes of boring 1 way football that didn't change or evolve till a goal scored against the flow. \n\nSo what did ole do to change the game so we got the first?\n\nWait did I mention Fred? TBH as far as injuries go we seem to have some pretty big ones since he took over which I kinda do feel he should take blame for as over the space of a year we are starting to see more and more players get injured. Herrera is on Woodward by the sounds of what he has said since leaving so not ole for that one. I say about garner as I would rather a midfielder to help control than fucking Phil jones on the left of a back 3 honestly mate if you are not understanding why that's a bad idea then just stop wasting our time right now... More to the point then ignore garner if you want we could have played mate or lingered from the start. Once again as I want this to sink in jones on the left of a back 3 is a bad idea. \n\nI don't disagree with starting Williams in the slightest but im also not wanting to slag of Young he has been a servant for the club but past his best now and due to that I would rather we play a youngster and move forward, the same reason I would have loved to see garner. The issue for me is Ole is playing youth when forced to which is fine if you are doing ok but he isn't he is doing badly which I could take if I saw a way forward which I can't. We seem to be worse than stuck we can't go forward the only way we are moving is backwards. \n\nI support Manchester United not Ole which is why I say this he needs to go and that's coming from a guy with 20 on the back of all of my kits because he is my idol. he is ruining his reputation and dragging united down with him.
[removed]
[removed]
I really like the way he plays. It's very, very ineffective against teams that park the bus, but is deadly af against pressing teams that gives him space to run and move. Many call him a headless chicken, but those false runs make so much space for other more talented attackers to exploit. But again, it almost only works if a team plays a high line against us.
Totally agree. \ud83d\udc4d
yip, i could guess what you meant, hence i pointed out the most obvious inaccuracy of it.. i kind of hoped that would prompted a bit more thought into the question, but alas... \n\nHave players improved while Ole has been manager? ofc some have.. McTominey is the most obvious, but others have improved too. Can ole work mirages with limited coaching time? no.. it takes both time and the base materials to develop players..
In my opinion Rashford, Fred, McTominay, Shaw, Martial have all shown improvement with Axel, Williams, Garner, Greenwood making debuts in the first team. Those are huge improvements. \n\nWe arent a training ground for managers no. But we are an impossible job. What is the mandate? \n\n- Must have won trophies\n- Must play free flowing attacking football\n- Must play a mixture of youth and WC talent\n- Must know the DNA of MUFC\n- Must deploy high press\n- Must start challenging for top 4 within 2 months \n- Must not be ex Liverpool or ex City\n- Must be able.to unearth talents and develop them to WC players\n- Must be able to coach average players beyond thiwr natural ability.\n\nI mean if Ole goes and Poch comes in he only ticks 2 or 3 boxes and then has to rebuild a squad with Ed and co as the go between....\n\nOle is the only answer right now even if it is as the sacrificial lamb to rebuild the culture at United.
What do you mean by \"base materials\"?\n\nAlso, it's McTominay, not McTominey.
Once we get our manager that starts winning with us.
Managers have always been the most dispensable in a football club, both for the fans and upper management. It's always easier to blame 1 person than 1 group. Not saying or backing Ole, but the fans and board will definitely go for the manager's head as soon as things go bad, be it Poch or Pep or Klopp.
Look. Ed and Glazers aren\u2019t going anywhere. We cant dispose off all our squad so we just have to change the managers until it clicks like it did for Liverpool with Klopp.
Really because there is at least one moment a season for every single one of the last 7/8 seasons that would suggest Phil Jones constantly does stuff like that \n\nOkay so basically you asked a question, I offered an answer and now you're dismissing it entirely because it doesn't fit your narrative\n\nYou seemed up for a genuine discussion but clearly you aren't
No I was simply disagreeing with the opinion that he's fucked up more than other defenders. If you have statistics on it then I concede that he has.\n\nAlso, I asked how we should have solved the midfield situation. You suggested an 18 year old academy player with very little PL experience. It's pure speculation to say he would have \"stabilised it instantly\".\n\nI'm dismissing your opinions with my opinions, see how that is an actual discussion? It would be different if I dismissed any facts provided by you, but you didn't. Largely because of the very nature of the discussion.
SU committed 13 fouls in 90 minutes. How crushed could he have possibly been?
Are the referee and VAR responsible for correctly distributing the points each game? Or are they meant to make good decisions, in isolation?
It did not touch the guys arm dude.  You are lying to yourself if you think it did.  Get over it, move on
So maybe you could say Ole tactics are wrong and not the sub, because we didn't look like we were playing to get a 4th until they equalised.
I didn't say the tactics were right. I said the sub was right.
Obviously the overarching change should be Woodward, but that doesn\u2019t also excuse Ole\u2019s terrible performances. With the squad he has he should NOT be winning only 11 in the last 30. That is inexcusable and I don\u2019t know how you can even defend this?
Because Guardiola and Klopp couldn\u2019t win with our club structure and board. Simple as that.
I am glad to hear your opinion and I agree many parts of it. Jose is undoubtedly a short term manager. But look at Chelsea, he gave them Premier League tittles. You can say he made Chelsea a mess at the times he got sacked but after he went away, Chelsea still can recover, they won trophies again with Conte. So it is not really a complete trashy mess like people think.\n\nI am not Jose fanatic but realistically base what was available in the market, he was the only one that can do something (short term or long term). Pochetino is not even close to be that man. If you let me freely pick a manager to come to United, I think Klop might have the highest chance of success, but even that I think the chance is still only 50%. Because he has to work under Ed Woodward and with this overpaid non-hungry squad.\n\nAnyway, my main point is Poch will just do as good as Ole, not to praise Jose. Unless The Glazers suddenly got interested in soccer.
overpaid and non-hungry.  lol. that is a good summary of this team.
I would love for him to succeed but at what point do you draw the line? What gives you the faith that he will turn it around?
I dont think hes had a fair shot this season if im honest. Most of the season without our best outfield player leaving us with virtually no midfield plus various other injuries to our other vital players that have stopped us gaoning any consistency. \n\n\nHes set some good foundations but he may not be tactically up to it who knows, time will tell
Can play is a lot different to \"is a\". Carrick/Darren Fletcher can play CB. You wouldn't raise your eyebrows if you saw them playing that position and the likes of Jonny Evans, at the time, was on the bench?
Im guessing youre refering to Garner? Its a lot to ask of him considering hes barely played much football for senior sides
I'm not disagreeing with the criticism of Ole, he's not perfect. It's the comments on here and in other places calling him a PE teacher, yes man, Glazer puppet etc etc which are juvenile and unnecessary and it's not  Ole bias on my part, I didn't agree with personal abuse that Jose would get.
Fair enough on that.
You know full and well who im talking about. Stop with your \u201cabove all\u201d and holier than thou attitude.
[removed]
If I knew then I'd be the manager of man united because even Ole doesnt know how to deal with teams who sit deep
Maybe making runs in behind, but we lack players who can finish or even make the pass required. \nMaybe putting in crosses, but we lack the aerial threat. \nWe cannot even counterattack effectively because players can't make the right decision, a precise pass, pin down the ball to lay it off to another player etc. \nOur team is average. Ole cannot decide on a formation/system. 4231? 352? 343? I don't know...
We don't have the players. The only way forward is buying more players, selling the shit. Nobody would get much better from this squad. We have 6 or 7 players who could be good enough for a top side. The rest are not good enough for a squad of a top side.
But Sheffield is not a park the bus team, so on paper the setup seemed like a good idea.
It is, but not with Pereira and Fred in the midfield...both lack the passing ability to open up the game...
I mean, you shouldn't be surprised that your Rashford opinion is unpopular. Youth product or not, he's clearly capable of the spectacular and is at the age when most strikers just start to kick on from a scoring perspective. Given his uptick in scoring this year it would be mad to move on from him.
Let's see if he keeps it going ;)
First of all, Im not saying that they are the same person.\n\n>\"SAF came into a United squad that was old, and quite simply out of touch\"\n\nYet many people would say that a player overhaul is needed.\n\n>\"He revamped the club from top to bottom, from scouting to coaching\"\n\nMight not be needed today, but you go on an claim that Carrick and Mckenna are shit, which they might be. OGS has had less than a year. SAF didnt do His thing overnight.\n\nAgain, Im not saying Ole is SAF reborn, all Im saying is that there are parallells, and I want another parallell to exist where we gave both SAF and OGS time. As you surely know, SAF was close to getting fored as well
In general yeah our squad is better. But injuries all \u00f6ver and bad performances in general from our midfield. Plus we are om our fourth manager.
He is the man for the job because replacing him with another manager now will not change anything for the better when its the lack of quality players that hurt us, not the management.\n\nReplacing him with a new manager at this point will only serve to do more damage then good. It will not magically open a new transfer window in November, the players will be the same, the injury crisis will be the same, forcing us to play fucking Jones, for fucks sake.\n\nGive him the same time to buy players that other managers have been given. Then we will see.\n\nAnd its not like there isnt good to take with us from the match yesturday.\n\nThe three goals in 7 minutes really show us what we have in store. That is Oles system in play. Its not just random.
Real mental gymnastics here. They scored because Mousset got taken off and Sheffield switched off. Ole is not good enough
The fans have lost the plot completely.
\\> **Pereira and Fred.** *Two man midfield* of **Pereira and Fred**. Yes, Wolves with NEVES AND MOUTINHO, have a better midfield. YES, Sheffield and Burnley both have better midfields as well because they are playing CMs in CM. \n\nFunny how you're cherry picking whatever you feel like to twist the argument, but no, in no way shape or form do any of these teams have a better **squad** than ours. And no playing Oliver Norwood in his right position doesn't make him better than McTominay. A squad is a lot more than the midfield, and our midfield isn't just Fred and Pereira. Maguire alone cost almost as much as their entire starting 11. Don't be disingenuous. \n\n\\> Chelsea has Kovacic, Kante, and Jorginho. That is one of the best midfield 3 in Europe. Plus depth with Mount and Barkley. That's not on Lampard. \n\nChelsea's team isn't just the midfield either, have you looked who's playing at the back and in the front? And how the hell can you say their current success has nothing to do with Lampard?\n\n\\> We also DO NOT have a better squad that we had when we finished second. Not even **close**. Pogba, Herrera, Blind, Fellaini, Matic, McTominay, Carrick, Pereira, and Mkhitaryan all as midfield options. Plus Lukaku and Ibrahimovic. \n\nFunny how once again you're talking about the midfield and conveniently forgetting that, for example, we were playing with a back 4 made up of a ageing Valencia, a barely recognizable Smalling, a either fat or injured Luke Shaw, Phil Jones, Darmian, Rojo, Young, and so on. We now have Wan Bissaka, Maguire, Lindelof, Williams and a much more better Tuanzebe who are levels above any of these. Blind and Carrick barely played at all and McTominay wasn't anywhere the same player he is now. Ibra wasn't the same when he got back from his injury, didn't play much and only lasted 4 months once he got back to be offloaded to the MLS. Mhki didn't play much either and was offloaded in January. Lingard was pretty much the only undisputed starter in the front three/upper midfield. Now we have a in form Martial, Rashford who Jose didn't like to play then, and Dan James.
>Chelsea's team isn't just the midfield either, have you looked who's playing at the back and in the front? And how the hell can you say their current success has nothing to do with Lampard?\n\nEmerson? He's been excellent. Azpilicueta? He's top quality too. Tomori has been great. Zouma is better than Jones.\n\nI wasn't cherry picking at all. People see the results and say \"Ole out. We shouldn't be losing to Wolves/Sheffield/Newcastle etc\" but they are looking at the results that he starting XI got but judging Ole based on the entire squad he has.\n\nIf Ole was getting poor results after getting a Herrera/Fellaini replacement, and a Lukaku replacement, then it would be a different story. But we are judging Ole on a squad that is thin to begin with, before losing 3 crucial players (Scott, Pogz, Martial).\n\nAnd I'm not even arguing with your other point about Jose's team being worse than this squad because of how wrong it is. Your last paragraph is just excuse after excuse as to why the players in Jose's team were shit or didn't play, but at least he had the depth and the option if he needed them or had injuries. Ole doesn't have that luxury. We brought in Maguire and AWB, both who have completely transformed our defense. Great buys that filled a major hole in our squad. Points for Ole.
Agreed, but our midfield is still better than their defense and our defense is one of the best in the league at least on paper. I also think our attack is better than theirs, overall I don't think they have a better squad than ours at all, yet they are doing much better and under a very inexperienced manager. Even Ole has more experience as a manager in the premier league, he's had 2/3 of a season with us plus his stint at Cardiff when he got them relegated while Lampard just arrived.
You're really reaching with this one. Do you think Leicester will finish ahead of City this season? Every team has dips in form, even Real Madrid and Barcelona have had prolonged periods of lacklustre performances. City are in a title chasing position. You cant draw any parallels with them in any way imaginable.
11 points behind is a title chasing position? Were 9 points from top 4?
No problem mate. :) I truly think that if Ole focuses on even replacing either Fred and Andreas (great if both) and find a better upgrade (Dan James like) to Young so that we can make threats on the left side, I'm sure we'll be much much more improved next season. \n\nHaving said that, I'm really afraid that with these mediocre results, Ole might not last long (with growing complaints from \"Ole's out\" side of fans). The sad outcome of Ole getting fired this early would be that we'll be starting from square one, and most of the squad members that are under-performing are not Ole's recruits.
If we can bring in another two midfielders and a quality rw i think we would improve alot and i think ole does need more time but even if the club were to sack him (which i dont want) i think that poch would actually work really well with the direction the club is going under ole.
our most important players were martial who has started well but I feel its too early to call him most important. Who else are we talking about and I assume you have proof he wanted said players sold? Fell out with players who were not pulling their weight im not sure what it is but for me if your manager tells you to do something and you don't like it that's on you not him. As for the youth being called shit in public before he was sacked when was this. I mean it was true but still don't remember this before he was sacked?
All over Ole's dick per usual
Only coz your mom was busy
Realistically, how about the man who is free? No charge. Do you really think a manager on the level of Poch would have gone to Sheffield with 3 in the back after 2 weeks of prep? Now, Sheffield is a good team, but the fact that we changed our whole structure for them is ridiculous. \n\nIt was absolutely all about tactics. We switched to a back four, a 433 of sorts, and suddenly these players can play. If a manager can't see that AWB is very limited going forward, then it shows his inept understanding of the player. If a manager can't see that Williams was being targeted in 2v1s, 3v1s because he didn't have a midfielder to help, then that is ineptness. You mention his eye for young talent, but neglect to mention the fact that he constantly does not trust some of them. He clearly thinks Chong and Gomes aren't ready; fair play, they aren't. But when he puts on a CB as a DM instead of Garner, that shows his intention. Ole had no intention of keeping that 433 formation. He put in a CB because he reverted back to a back 3/back 5. The fact that he didn't learn from the first 45 mins shows his ineptness, again. \n\nThank you Ole, for years you brought this club happiness, and for a while, you brought a smile to our faces, but he is completely out of depth and every match shows it.
Lol even after spending 130m on Maguire and AWB, we still concede stupid goals. Might as well have kept smalling
I think I misunderstand where our issues actually are. Our inability to control midfield is putting extreme pressure on our back four, so you're right in a way. It nearly doesn't matter who we have back there. If there's anything to get angry about, it's the fact our midfield is atrocious.
He should come into the discussion as we're paying his wages...
Well you can't exactly blame ole for that then
K then, awesome.
Nah fam he obviously attempted no tackles. That yellow card was actually for dissent.
Fucking ridiculous my man
Yep, its the norm and no one can tell them any different. Some people will stand to this mantra of 'back the manager no matter what' until they die. Its even worse when the manager played for united. Liverpool went through this with Kenny 'king' Dalgish on his second spell managing there and he was a club legend too of course. He had to go in the end and the funny thing is Solskjaer is an even worse manager. Dalgish actually won silverware with Liverpool as a manager even in his second spell in 2012
Right but Andreas was? The point is. He changed the whole team selection around to accom someone that STILL can't do the job.
He's played as a CM before. And was the only option.
Sorry but this guy has to be a troll.
[removed]
Yes I am, but I wouldn't have changed what's working at the time, Sheff United didn't look anything like scoring til that change.\n\n> Do you think three time Premier League winner Mike Phelan agreed or disagreed with the substitution?\n\nI don't care. He won those premier leagues because of Sir Alex Ferguson, and the other coaches around. Phelan was around for 3 titles but I don't think we'd have less if it was Mclaren or Quiroz in that role.
Lol, I'll leave you to it mate.
You'd have to be insane to think martial had even a decent game because he did a simple 1-2. Dan James did most of the work there.\n\nThat was basically the only thing martial did the whole game. \n\nMore should be expected from the starting CF of Manchester United
Haaland struggles just as much in this team go look at how much our general play improved when Martial came back
Rashford doesn't make our team tick like Martial does theres a reason Rashford hit his best form when Martial came back
Well Rashford went back to being good when he came back from England duty, and started against Liverpool, scored and ran the whole back line ragged without Martial on the pitch.
Well today's your lucky day, you finally saw Axel play as a CDM.
Regardless, of whether it was CB or CDM it still killed off all of our momentum and invited pressure while taking away a key part of our counter attack
He just didn't get his insane targets in Mueller and Lewa but he wouldn't have gotten them at any other club either. He spent a ton of money otherwise without the right results to back them up, both him and LVG deserved the sack and Ole deserves it too... Ed though... is responsible for all of it coming to this in the first place.
he was right about getting lewa
Props to Ole for subbing Jones out but before Williams scored in the 70th min, we didn't look like scoring at all. I think it was our first real attempt and it came out of nowhere. I'm ready to give it to Ole though.\n\nBringing Greenwood after the first goal was a fantastic move and A+ coaching.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nRegarding your last comment, we lost Fellaini and Herrera under Ole's watch and we have Pogba who doesn't want to play with us anymore. Knowing midfield is the position that takes the most amount of adaption time, I think it was criminal to start the season with no new signings. And I agree, defense wins you titles, but we were never aiming for the title were we? Yet we paid record money for above average defenders\\* while this money could have been spent building a platform for the future by investing in the midfield and the attack (the united way).\n\n&#x200B;\n\n\\* I personally think you should only break a transfer record for a generational talent and it's hard to argue Mcguire or AWB will ever fit that category. Still good players though.
The style of play has changed multiple times. LVG had the strongest philosophy IMO. Under ole , we are turning into a lethal counter attacking team. We can literally beat any of the top teams . But when it comes down to a well drilled team out front 3 suddenly has no space to run into. The midfield without pogba is not creative enough. But this is an issue which can be solved. Our defense actually looks good. Once we add depth to our squad i honestly believe we will have a competitive squad. But yeah , we will have to overpay for every player on the market cause we are manchester united .
That makes total sense of course, but Ole only had 1 sub after the 2-2 goal, there is a limit to what he could change, and with the bench today, the only defensive options were Tuanzebe and Young. Do you think Axel coming on was a bad move?\n\nShit, of course, that word didnt even come to mind, thanks
I don\u2019t think it was necessarily a bad move on paper; like the original comment I replied to said, taking off an attacker for a defender to protect the lead in the dying minutes of a game is standard practice. It just seems like this squad is very momentum-dependent and works best on the front foot, dictating the game and not inviting pressure on themselves. It seems like they don\u2019t handle the defensive mindset well, maybe because the back four has no adequate protection from the midfield (especially without McSauce). I think it would have been better to just not use the third sub at all, but hindsight is 20/20 and all that. \n\nI\u2019d kill for a strong DM signing this upcoming transfer window.
if ole was showing an signs that he had a plan, or that we were moving forward I\u2019d agree with you. But the bottom fell out of his management back in March and he\u2019s shown no signs of getting it back. \n\nJose got us a European cup and got us to second. Had he been backed after that we wouldn\u2019t be where we are now. But we didn\u2019t back him, we backed pogba who has been injured to be fair, but it\u2019s not like he was worth backing over the manager before that. \n\nLVG had a plan, it was fucking boring as shit to watch, but it was there. \n\nWhat I\u2019m watching now is moyes 2.0. It\u2019s going nowhere. The attackers are better than what we are seeing them do. Hell, even lingard is better than what he\u2019s doing, and I don\u2019t rate him at all. Setting up against other teams, you can see the players are lost as they\u2019ve been couched against what they are actually facing. It\u2019s all just shit. \n\nI\u2019d have sooner given Jose the chance to rescue last season than continue on with ole here. It\u2019s been going on since March. And it\u2019s draining. Three good players, and sporadic shit house wins aren\u2019t enough to make me believe that this is going to get any better.\n\nAll that said, as with Jose, it\u2019s not all on ole. He\u2019s not the on,y one that needs to go.
This one is the absolute worst. That's why we change him. We are 9th. Deservedly so.
Created it ourselves too.
The best united can do is try and keep the score down.
Even then we know that\u2019s almost impossible atm.
Trying to win an disscussions with hypothesis and whatifs isnt the way to go..
It beats whatever your attempt at a 'discussion' is.
[removed]
[removed]
pretty much..\n\nEvery manager will learn from managing us. No one leaves the same as they come.. i remember fergie learning with us..
also, your most valuable reply is a typo..  quality..\n\nbase materials for a coach.. hmm..  players per chance?
Ohhh, ok, so it takes \"base material to improve players\" and those base materials are, players.
Unless the limb below his shoulder is a leg, it touched his arm...
Not according to the numerous angles replayed bruh sry.   Plus it\u2019s over and done with and this sub needs to get over it.
[removed]
[removed]
Yep that became obvious ;) But I feel Fred is getting too much flak, he was much better after the break, so was top three, so I think it was just as much us playing ourselves into Sheffield's gameplan in first half as is being shite.
Whatever makes your day better mate!
