Paul Pogba is the icing on the cake... problem is we don\u2019t have a fuckin cake to ice.....
Solid analogy lmao \ud83d\udc4c
We have no chef
Delusional fanbase, in general.
Level with points with Newcastle fucking United after losing to the bottom team who hasn\u2019t had a lead at home all season but we are almost there.
They will also say that Ole is faultless because we conceded due to individual errors
We've spent so long being mediocre, fans have actually forgotten what top quality United players should do.
As if six years of mediocrity could erase all the memories of all the quality I\u2019ve seen since the 70s.
Mate, Watford had one win this season before today. We are several rungs below mediocrity now...
To be fair, I think the general point was not whether he had the quality to get into the midfield, but *how* he would fit into a midfield that honestly looks more cohesive when he's not in it. Pogba is a trade off between technical quality and positional discipline.   \n\n\nThat said, I believe his quality justifies his being accounted for elsewhere.
Did someone say this?
Lmao it's the media that spreads this propaganda and they absolutely feed on it.
Fred, McSause and Lingard. Would do for a championship promotion race. Not premier League
This is it. I hope Pogba can play the role of the leader, as a certain frenchman have done before him. He has a group of young, hungry and lightning fast attackers in front of him, and they just need to learn how to run smarter. We are in a much better position than most people assume,in my.opiniom. As a fellow Norwegian I might be biased, but I really feel like the United magic is coming back.
I mean Raiola openly said he wants to play in a team that's not a shambles.\n\n There's every chance he changes his opinion on his desire to leave ASAP if we get our shit together and another midfielder and forward for him to play with which has every chance of turning the side around.
And that\u2019s the problem because sometimes Pogba alone will not be enough to create everything. We have already seen last season and for a few games this season. We need an upgrades on McTominay and Fred ASAP because they are rotation players at most.
100 percent mate. I love Scotty but look at him and Fred when we play possession based, they aren\u2019t close to good enough. Scott is a great option to have in big games with his qualities as a deep mid covering lots of ground. Serious investment is needed in midfield, RW and LB (or keep giving Brandon minutes) or we\u2019re going to keep seeing the same rubbish.
I don't think we need to upgrade, I just think tactically Ole doesn't trust Mctominay and Fred enough to make Pogba kind of passes.
Yep, a midfield of Fred, Mctominay and Lingard won't break a team down, they'll run all day for you but they won't create many chances. \n\nThat said it doesn't help that the forwards are often so static.
This right here. People saying that we only play on the counter fail to realise that because we literally don't have the skill to play any other way lol.
Because he has a 5 year plan, the young lads need to learn to play the right way, even if that will lead to a lot of loss and OGS getting sacked.
Top 6 results are how leagues are decided after all, The other 14 are just to fill in the time.
Can't let anyone ruin the positivity. We all know that clubs run on positivity.
**rubs hands furiously
This sub after a string of wins but 1 bad loss \"this team is shit and will be relegated by the end of the year\"
Mfw a string of wins is 2...
Mourinho being Mourinho he could\u2019ve used it as vindication for his own demise at the club but he chose not to act like Neville. I\u2019m probably reading too much into it but the result has fucked my head right up!
Mourinho and De Gea were very close, they still are. They also have the same agent.\n\nMourinho is not going to use a De Gea howler to point score.
That's because, unlike some of our fans, Mou knows what De Gea is capable of and how much he means to us.
No he was being interviewed ahead of the Spurs v Chelsea game and they cut to Neville\u2019s reaction to the goal in the same room.
Ah okay. Thanks man happy xmas
Mou was having his pre match interview for Spurs v Chelsea and they showed a clip of them watching the goal
Mino slipping in himself as DOF into Pogba\u2019s new contract lol
This is a joke but I wouldn't even be surprised if he takes a step towards this in the future lmao
I said this for the past 2 years now... we ain't ever winning the league again under the Glazers... so pray that we get bought out, or just accept that fact
If the Glazers respond to economic threats, it's time to stop buying shirts and tickets.
Then you're a \"plastic.\" Loyal fans get played by bad owners into giving up the only leverage they have over a sense of loyalty and pride.
Yeah but we beat City and Spurs with the one plan that actually works against teams that keep the ball so you just don't see the genius trust the process mate also kill me
getting upvoted after stating united used the same tactics against city and spurs shows how clueless this sub actually is about tactics
My futsal team has more chemistry and better attacking movement. And we change teams every week.
Might be down to lackluster individual decision making
How is that Solskjaer's fault though? Is he controlling every player like it's FIFA?
No, he's setting up the system and drilling the players. It's been over 9 months since he was permanently appointed and he cannot figure out how to do anything but counter attack. That's not on the players, that's on the coaching staff.
He's the coach, I get that he can't control everything but this is just embarrassing. The signs were there before half time.
They'd only scored 7 goals in the league before this game. 7 goals. 22% of their goals this season have come against United.\n\nShambolic result.
Even Arsenal weren't shit enough to lose to them. Turns out we are though.
They haven\u2019t been in front at home for one minute all season - we give them two easy goals on a plate and fail to respond.
I mean is it even surprising that they would get their second win against us ? \n\nIt sucks that teams not longer fear us. It\u2019s almost as if it\u2019s a relief for them to play us.
Was their fist one at Old Trafford?
You could have doubled Watford's points tally before playing us today and they'd still be in the relegation zone
> This is why I say Ole is not pragmatic enough. \n\nI don't care, I rather watch this than Mou's side.
You do you man. I'm just hoping that Ole can salvage the season
We actually scored twice and drew in that game
I wish we had 72 crosses in our recent performances...
it was far worse, the Fulham game was ridiculous because of the amount of crosses but we weren't horrible in that game
No excuse. They weren't amazing or anything. We were just absolutely shit.
Well the difference is that we did not take our chances. When our players don\u2019t win the games within the game tactics doesn\u2019t matter
Youth. Courage. Failure.
Youth. Fuck all mentality. Failure.
Generic positivity brigade comment: \"absolutely buzzing for our young lads, they have bags of potential\".
Have faith!! We will win the lowest average award.
What about the all important xG
They had 36% possession. They used their possession well but they didn\u2019t take the game to us. They had 3 shots of 11 on target all game. United had 8 on target from 17. \n\nI know, stats aren\u2019t everything. They played well on the counter and our midfield was weak and quite terrible in possession today. Agreed.
We definitely didn\u2019t get outplayed. We dominated especially in the 2nd half. Foster had an amazing game
You're wrong. \nYou either didn't watch the game or you're a troll. Foster did his job, nothing spectacular was required.
Did you bring enough drugs to share with the rest of the class?
He's turning 27 next year. Being in any other world class team he could've been challenging the ballon d'or.
It would almost be more concerning if he didn't want to leave lol. Would show that he's only in it for the money.
He's got good quality but he isn't good enough to challenge for Balon Dor tbf. \n\n\nHe still has gaping holes in his game.
On the other hand, Liverpool are the new United
All starts at the top. The owners create a culture of success. FSG came in and we're committed to excellence. Our owners wasted away our culture and are parasites just taking money from the club.
Absolutely!
People are living in past glory.
Watford hadn't even led at home all season.
FUCKING KILL ME MAN FUCK
He didn\u2019t just win the WC, he was pivotal in most if not all their matches. And he did more in his first match in months than almost everyone else combined.
Going from Kante to McSauce/Fred/Periera. Griezman to Lingard. Etc etc
It\u2019s like winning the lottery then going back to ur 9-5 where everyone is clueless at the job so u have to do extra work
When he joined I highly doubt this was his expectation for where the club would be a few years down the line lol
I don't care what were his expectations. He signed the thing so he has to give everything on the pitch till the end of the contract.
Genuinely curious what they do at training. There isnt 1 aspect of the play that is sharp or looks to have been drilled into the players. You would think with the amount of times luke shaw gets the ball in the attacking 3rd that the coaches could work on some set movement patterns or interplay, its fucking \nembarrasing that they are professional coaches.
\"Pogba back is like a new signing\".
We are Arsenal now
TBF he touched the ball like twice after her came on.
Agreed. You could see how devastated he was to concede like that. Mistakes happen, unfortunately Dave didn't seemingly make any mistakes from 12-17 and is now getting them all out of his system at once. I wouldn't drop him after this. He's a great player and we need to support him.
When is he supposed to be dropped then? He\u2019s allowed the most goals from errors in the pl since the start of last season. He wins us some games, but we\u2019re also losing games on simple mistakes
I'd give him the next PL game to bounce back and then take it from there. Dropping him now kills whatever confidence he has left.
I know it's different, but I really think Dave's case is similar to Pochettino's. He just had to leave at some point, when he was 3 classes above our squad. It was the healthy thing to do for us and for him, in the same way Coutinho's and Suarez's deaprtures were good to L'pool. We need to let him go, we have 2 talented GKs - Romero and Henderson which are more than fit to get into this team atm. Save Dave's salary for some good investments, sell him for around 60 mil.
None of our forwards have strikers instinct. Always trynna be cute in final 3rd as if playing street pickup game.
All lingaard does is try to be cute. Jsut look at his Instagram
I honestly believe he though that gave him the best chance of scoring. I don't think he had the confidence to round the keeper in that moment, and thought that shooting on the ground would've been saved.
No one would buy de Gea with the form and wage he's on
These are the fixtures we want
Win all four and lose to Wolves. I'm calling it now.
The worst that can happen is that we obviously lose all of them and we get the guy your representing in haha  \n\nOr of course we do well I guess and things get better?\u00bf Who knows, not bothered either or tbh
Martial created both of them
Martial created the lingard chance
Pogba chance ?
Created
How dumb are you. He created those two chances
They had less goals scored and points (9) than Rashford goals alone (10) ffs
I'd kindly ask you not to tell me \ud83d\ude22
Which is wild considering we blew the budget upgrading our defence in the summer
I say what I mean, mean what I say, so when I say it I'm saying it on purpose
ok
Roma's Chris Smalling has joined the chat.\nMaguire (our ball playing center back) was awful today, his passing was shambolic, his \"finishing\" crap, can't think of a thing he did well that Smalling wouldn't have done equally well.
I disagree. He was pretty good, both today and the Everton game.
I disagree. He had one dominant performance against Chelsea at the start of the season but otherwise has been the stalwart of a very leaky defence. We've conceded 6 goals from set pieces/corners and that should be his forte. He can't defend or attack set pieces.
We concede goals from corners because we're stupid enough to defend them zonaly. If we actually marked players I think we would be better at them. But that's just my opinion I could be wrong.
I don't mind if one is defensive and one is attacking. The problem is when AWB is your defensive full back, then the onus is on Shaw to provide an attacking outlet. Shaw is about as ruthless as a eunuch in a whore house. The man has no attacking instinct in his body. The sooner Williams makes it his position, the better.
De Gea hasn\u2019t been better than Allison or Ederson for a year or two now. They\u2019re both just as good at shot stopping but way better on the ball
\"Regressed hugely\" is a bit of an exaggeration don't you think
Not really. He went from arguably the best in the world to arguably the second best Spanish keeper in the league. He's comfortably worse than Allison and Ederson and is nowhere near the likes of Ter Stegen any more. I'd argue he's a spent force but that could be harsh.\n\nTo put it into context, David Martin has as many clean sheets. Tim Krul has as many clean sheets. Fabianski who's been out for half the season has more clean sheets.\n\nDave has only a 70% save percentage this season. Henderson has 77%, Guaita 75%. Last season dave had a 69.5% save percentage. The season before that he had a 80.6% percentage.\n\nNo goalie has made more errors that led to goals in the PL since 2018/2019.
I'm of the (unpopular) opinion and wouldn't mind seeing us not spend a single penny on this coach when he's clearly not good enough. He has players of a certain calibre and makes them play like this. What good will spending more money on players of his choosing do? We've made the mistake of giving our previous managers too much to spend and I'd like us to not repeat that mistake.
Okay so DDG underperforming is Solskjar\u2019s fault, get the fuck outta here
DDG has been down for a while. There's a reason Spain dropped him. Actually, Kepa is poor too. Spain just doesn't have anyone like Casillas right now.
> (who\u2019s regressed hugely under him)\n\nRevisionism, he\u2019s been poor since the start of last season.
He's been poor since the world Cup
De Gea is not even the best goalkeeper in the team. Right now I'd put Romero and Henderson ahead of him. Even Grant is better than this.
Well that\u2019s wrong but I did say \u201cregressed hugely\u201d.
They hired some shit fucking managers so what did you expect?
Yes, because that was definitely the obvious take out of this...
Not exactly ground breaking tactical insight from the fans in this sub is it \"We should play our best midfielder when he's fit\"
Lol. Don't make me cry
Cry me a river haha! Im all cried out
Make no mistake, LVG deserved to go.
As did Jose.
Make no mistake, Jose needed to go.
No he didn't. And Jose didn't either. \n\nEd should have gone in both scenarios.
So does Ole by that standard.
Should have been sacked 5 months prior. \n\nThe only reason he stayed was his fa cup run
yep that was infinitely worse than Mou's sacking
Ironically, the best thing Ed can do to prove he has half a brain is fix his mistake in giving Ole the job in the first place.
What that\u2019s ridiculous?\n\nThe right thing to do now is to sack him, tbh Ed has got oles appointment right\n\nSigned him on a temp deal instead at the right time\n\nMade him permanent after his great form
Ole wasn't a bad caretaker appointment but to give him the job permanently when we did has turned out to be a huge miscalculation on our part, Ed can't sack him now or he'll have to admit he fucked up again, so we wait till Ed can swallow his pride.
I know you still think about the Fergie we had
Exactly, but many people seem to forget that.
Oh yes true. But people love a scapegoat and since Everton, it's been Martial.
the difference was Martial was lazy. He is literally the only man who can walk himself into an offside position. \n\n&#x200B;\n\nBoth Martial and Rashford were poor but Rashford at least didn't stop working. So I'll give him some credit for that alone.
Just because he doesn\u2019t run like a headless chicken, doesn\u2019t mean he isn\u2019t working. He is a Berbatov type of player. The fact that many people cannot see or appreciate what he brings to our attack is beyond me. All that said, he is not perfect, needs a lot of work and more consistency - and so do Rashford.
How can you say Martial has been poor for ages? Both, him and Rashford are inconsistent. But before Martial came back from injury we were as impotent as a 90yr old man. He has the best vision of the three, he is more creative than Rashford, and is the best finisher in the squad(Greenwood is second). He might not run as much as Rashford, but he does go back. Didn\u2019t you see his pass for Lingard in the first half? And that is not the only instance. After all, he is a #9, not a winger anymore. Yes, his work rate needs improvement, but that doesn\u2019t mean he isn\u2019t doing anything, just because you cannot see it or appreciate it.
I guess so, but fuck this shit.
Shocked face when you find out that majority of this sub isn't English and your argument doesn't hold when referring to this sub.
Make no mistake, in order to return to the top in the long term, we need footballing people in charge.\n\nI was making the point that the board may think we're fine after the Spurs and City matches, so this match showed them it clearly isn't the case.\n\nAlso, I don't think Ole is the right man for the job. Many people have been praising the signings but I felt Maguire has looked slow and he doesn't attempt to bring the ball out from the ball, James works hard but he wouldn't be the first team of our rivals. In fact I don't get the obsession with British players. I always felt that British players lack creativity.
Mata was a quality player when we signed him, and was very good for a few seasons. I think that\u2019s slightly unfair tbh.
I was referring more to his impact than his quality. He didn't improve our results much, our form continued to slide leading to Moyes' sacking in April. None of this was his fault of course, he suffered by constantly being played out of position by all our managers, which leads back to my point about how panic signings don't work and why basic planning is so important.
i think we would have more points... but i also think he is a crutch. i would rather address other needs
It doesn\u2019t matter how much you know if the CEO overrules you whenever he disagrees.
Still knows more than Woodward ever will
So you think Woodward signed most of our players? As in he wanted them and he got them in... Genuine question. I'm not sure.
Alisson who's been voted best keeper in Europe and the World gets 90k.
So does Young deserve 500k per week? Don't be ridiculous.
Stupid analogy. He's one of the best players in the world at his position and his length of service dictates his negotiation position for a high salary.
Even if Solskjaer sucked as terribly as that, I hope the rest of the coaching team would do their part :-)
[deleted]
Every defense that we allow to get set looks like a solid wall, that's the problem. Only against teams that we can counter attack does our play seem competent. I'm crossing my fingers that Pogba's return will help.
To be honest, I think 0-0 would still have been a bad result for us. Just less terrible, I guess...
[deleted]
I Agree
He doesn't. I've been met with criticism for raising this very point, but everything I've seen from him points to him being behind the times, football-wise. He understands the club but he's nowhere close to being a tactical savant. I think a DOF role would suit him better than ass. coach, but that's just me.
It's frustrating when I run into hordes of Phelan apologists (as well as Ole and Carrick apologists) who refuse to listen to reason. Truth be told, perhaps the most tactically sound guy in that entire technical bench is Kieran McKenna, who most recently managed the u18s. Meanwhile, City have Pep and co.; Liverpool have Klopp, and had Buvac for awhile; Leicester have an accomplished tactician in Rodgers, Etc. \n\nWe'll never be world beaters with the technical bench as it is. It doesn't matter whom we purchase... players have to receive proper tactical drilling, for instance, to be able to break down massed defenses. I see folks trying to boil it all down to \"lacking creative players\" and I can't help rolling my eyes.
He must think the board follow him lol
I admire you, I was laughing during LVG days already
lmao
Not only that, Lingard missing a 1 on 1 in the first half cost us the game really.
Nothing to do with Rashford, Martial and Greenwood all missing easier chances then?
De Geas form has been like this for close to year now tbh
Ehh, he\u2019s definitely saved us many times, we could have some worse results without him
Mctom was awful. Fred was okay today. Defensively a nuance and cant get dribbled past by any watford players today. High iq and can play defence splitting passes. Mctom provided feck all lmak
Fred and Mctominay need to stay in the pivot, and let Pogba have a free role.  If Ole goes back to forcing Pogba into a deep holding role to accommodate terrible players like Lingard or Andreas in the CAM role instead of Pogba, he's completely lost the plot imo.
Right now unless we sign another creative midfilder yes, it's the best option and I hope that Ole does this, but as you say, if he puts Pogba on a 4231 on the midflied.. we should be sacked the next day because anyone who understands a bit this sport knows that
Deeney hadn't scored in 9 months before this game though. So it was 10 vs 10
At least he's not hiding behind the defenders at all times. Lingard is either too far up where he is of no use, aimlessly presses the keeper to up his distance covered numbers, or loses possession. The most nothing player on the team. Had a glorious chance to put us up and fluffs it as is his MO.
I think your right bro, we just buy 3 quality players each year and wait for 4 seasons and challenge for top 4.\n\nTop tier contingency planning \ud83d\udcaa
I sent a request!
What's your bs username
Idrees
Some other guy said to join false logic
He's been to a CL final and elevated tot to the next level\n\n\nWhat of idiot ole
\u201cIdiot Ole\u201d has barely been given a transfer window to build his team. Let him put together a team he wants then judge him. Poch built his team that should\u2019ve won a league and UCL but flopped harder Teresa May
And ole won the Norwegian league so he\u2019s better?
Yes.
Ole can?
Yes
Forget about winning trophies.\n\nI\u2019d take a team that cannot be embarrassed by the worst team in the league over the shit we see far too often
Poch literally spent two halves of two seasons getting embarrassed. He is a shite tactician and relied on Kane to bail him out.
What are the consequences of your acceptance and non-acceptance?
In my world,  nothing really.  Except being less emotionally affected each week.  To the point where I may not care.  Which is what I\u2019m afraid of.   I will still never miss a game regardless.
Pogba and Mata definitely provided a positive difference to the midfield. You can see after 10 minutes Pogba is miles ahead of any other midfielder in the squad, although it's not that difficult to do. I'm really torn between Lingard, I desperately want him to do well, but he needs to start chipping in with goals or assists. I agree about the lack of good midfielders hindering Martial, he definitely appeared hungrier once Pogba and Mata came on.
I think it only takes a few players to quickly turn an average team to a good team, a good team to a great team etc. It's hard really to specifically target one thing that causes the inconsistency in performance and results, I think it's a multitude of issues. The lack of experienced winners in the dressing room to help set the attitude of what a top club needs, the fact the team is young, and that we don't have that 1 player who can grab a game by the scruff of the next and change it when things aren't going quiet right. I'm sure others will have differing opinions, but I don't think there's one solid reason why.
I like your positivity, Im usually thinking the same and believe in Ole but after this it's hard to stick by him. We clearly can't do anything with the possession we have and that for me is down to the manager. You must have clear attacking tactics when having possession, see Liverpool and city or even Chelsea. We don't have any of it and it hurts to watch..
Yikes, imagine being such a pussy that you make a separate account to say ole should be sacked
Imagine valuing ole over the club
Go and look at the half time thread of the Colchester game and you'll find loads of them.
So no one here?
yeah but everyone is playing too many games right now. Thing is, yes, we do need to strenghten those positions.
You\u2019re missing the point about talent attraction.
Let's not forget that James still performed even when his father died earlier this season. Lingard should simply not be playing, he should sort out his personal problems, find himself, then come back to the team. If he stays like this everyone is going to hate him for dragging the team down and he's going to hate himself for not doing enough.
Sanchez and Jones needed company
and a better manager
Exactly why you need another manager to bring those players up ?
Feel like they get themselves up for it. That's just the type of players they are because it shows against these bottom 14 teams coz they cant get themselves up for it. Easy, as a player, to get excited about a derby game. Not down to the manager imo and not trying to argue or anything, just my opinion
alright maybe i phrased it wrong
Can Haaland perform the role Martial does ?
He may not be able to get injured as much but other than that yes
What does Martial actually do sorry?
Haaland seems to be the classic CF who can do anything across the front 3.
When he loses the ball it's like someone took his favorite toy away. Head goes down
He played much better than any of our front four today and created the most chances.
He's good on FIFA isn't he
He had a couple of very good moments doing that. The flick to James, the pass to Lingard...
Yep he's the closest thing to a 10 we have
Yup
Surprisingly I like them both. Yesterday was not their best. I agree there is zero depth there too. we can also agree that Lingard is shit and we have no number 10.
I like them both as well but they are at best mid table quality. They should be our back ups to much better players and until we get quality players we're gonna lose to teams like watford.
What he downgraded from a champions league semfinals side to this shit, which other World Cup winner plays for a club in dissaray
Ozil, Mustafi XD
I hope you remember matches in which paul was poor as well...
Saul's a LB now
Cheers
Do you not think it highlights how weak we are at open play?
Well we are good at getting penalties
A year later and still mediocre. If it wasn't Ole, he gone
Trust in the process
Jo-ole Embiid
> people question the midfield in the ABSENCE of Pogba.\n\nThat's what I was pointing out.  How good Pogba looked in comparison to them --- in his first game back in months --- shows just how thin we really are in midfield.
Oh okay.\n\nMidfield is probably thin and maybe the manager is not good etc, but what's the point when we couldn't score any of the chances we had, even xG=1.0 chances. They had two 1/5 chances and scored both, we didn't score the simplest ones.
Leeds are used to mediocrity, so they probably would.
Both did better than Ole and were sacked. So why is Ole still manager?
So because it didn't work out with them, it means there are nobody out there it would work with? That's such a stupid comment.\n\nSince LVG retired, we don't really have anything proving he was good enough still as a manager\n\nMourinho was good, but he fell out with players and board, nothing you can really do there.
We had average net spend of 90 under Jose. So not that different, no?
Can we talk about the role of Carrick and McKenna in all of this too now? Both got promoted and since then, we've been awful. I've seen nothing to tell me they are doing even an adequate job coaching that team...
Here's their role. McKenna draws a doodle and Carrick stares at it while breathing out of his mouth.
They don't bring anything new to the table. It's a couple of assistant managers with little experience outside of banter-era United. Phelan maybe has some ideas, but we need a proper assistant manager who would otherwise be entirely capable of being a manager (Buvac, Arteta)\n\nObviously the problem is with the actual manager still, but we need to look at our coaching set up
* Players keep hitting the opponent with through balls. \n* Passes are made half a second too early or too late. \n* Players taking shots or dribbles when a teammate is free. \n* Entire team becoming static when the ball is around the halfway line.   \n\n\nAre these the errors of the manager or the coaches?
We won\u2019t call him. Ed Woodward will send the team into the Championship before sacking Ole. Ole is Ed\u2019s man, Ed\u2019s pick. Sacking him shows the world what United fans (and most Premier League fans that have been paying attention) have known for years- that Ed Woodward has no idea what he\u2019s doing
I get wanting change with these results, but weren't players saying Poch didn't really give them instructions at Spurs? How is he going to get better results? The problem is we don't have the players. We've gotten the same results with LVG, Mou, and now Ole, at some point we just have to realize our team does not have the players to break down low blocks.
Poch is still there! Thankfully.
Ancelotti was also available. Imagine passing on both.
That is very unfair on Jose, LVG and Moyes. Ole's clearly worse than all of them.
It\u2019s not even a debate at this point
Found the toppest of reds. May the positivity gods bless you with all the toxic waste removal bags you\u2019ll ever need.
Okay peel the pain \ud83d\udc4d
He also created pogbas one v one
Forgot about this but it just shows how vital he is to our attacks. I might get downvoted for this but Rashford isnt better than Martial even in his current form. Rashford is selfish and always look for spectaculars and his link up play is so weak. Theres a reason why our lw was much better than any of the recent games when tony dropped there and played with pogba and shaw. It was so good to watch just the 3 created at least 3 half chances in 5 minutes.
XXXTictacian
Alisson, Henderson and Schmeichel have all been better this season. He\u2019s not close to the best GK in the league let alone the world
Yes, but what\u2019s the alternative? Alienate and sell one of our best players of the decade? A longstanding club servant who\u2019s stuck with us through some of the club\u2019s darkest times? What kind of message are we trying to send to our players? \n\nThis is Manchester United. We stick by our own. For some reason people seem to have forgotten this. Even at the AZ match recently a bloke behind me was complaining that Pereira wasn\u2019t playing Messi-like long balls to Greenwood... at 4-0. \n\nStick by the players, give them confidence when they\u2019re low. That\u2019s our job. And right now, the majority of this sub is failing to do so.
Maybe we\u2019ve just made 3 poor manager choices? We\u2019ve made countless poor player signings I don\u2019t see why this is such a far fetched possibility.
You can add McTominay to that list
By no means have they been amazing, but the fact they're an improvement on what we had is what I consider to be spot on signings, because that's exactly why we purchase players. And in future transfer windows, Ole will be looking to improve on them further. The transfer window is also a process of sorts. Plus, I go back to the point that they're young and have room to improve their game, especially AWB and Dan James, and with additional signings will (hopefully) flourish further more. \n\nRegarding prices. The price of players isn't a fair way to judge them and not a good barometer of what we should expect of them. The transfer market is just ridiculous these days. Average players are now costing 50mill, whilst great players are like 80mill and world class are 100mill+. Add to that the extra cost for being Manchester United and it's more. Our summer signings are British so they had that added to the price as well. Every player, good, average and bad (apart from some rare instances) is going to cost a lot. At the end of the day, the player is worth however much the club is willing to pay.
Toni Kroos, Kante, Pjanic, De Bryune and a few others would have something to say about that.
They play in way better teams with better coaches lol
i would much rather him lose the ball trying to do something than be as fucking utterly robotic and useless as someone like fred. i saw him constantly run with the ball and try to inspire something multiple times, thats what i saw.
Fred is robotic? We clearly see things differently mate, which is fine. Have a good day
This. Everyone loses their minds when we lose but we\u2019ve known this all season. \n\nWe need players better at breaking teams down.
Everyone knew that when the transfer window closed. We absolutely have too buy quality midfielders in January
That and tactical ability. There\u2019s no team play.
If it happens over and over and over again, it's probably more than just mistakes.\n\nHow about all the times AWB stopped a goal through a magical tackle in the box and saved us?  Or was that part of Ole's tactics.
Keep telling this to yourself \ud83d\udc4d
Says the fan of that trophyless fraud from Argentina. Anyways, not deluded like you and those upvoting you to say Ole is in the job because of sentiments. Only idiots like you would say.
Obviously, you have not seen how Liverpool did under Dalglish's most recent stint. We are doing the same mistakes as they did.
How many more times will it be said
If we kept Lukaku and played him as striker we would be better against weak teams.\n\nBut Ole chose the difficult route. The \"It has to get worse before it gets better\" route.\n\nI hope it doesn't cost him the job, because I really think he has been doing a terrific job as manager of Man United. Management is more than what happens on the pitch. He has created the foundation for us becoming a top team again.\n\nPerformances against weak teams are bad, but I believe he can solve this with more time.
\"He has created the foundation for us becoming a top team again\".\n\nCare to elaborate on this?
What foundation? Genuinely asking.
Definitely a misleading stat. But indicates that united don\u2019t score enough goals from open play to win games?
Shows that we have no base of attacking play whatsoever. People shat on Mourinho for relying on individual brilliance for our attack, but we look utterly clueless under OGS. Players look like they have no bloody idea what to do once they enter the opposition area
It's not misleading though is it? Our struggles in many matches has been lack of creativity and lack of clinicalness, it's a perfect embodiment of our current play style.
Yeah no doubt about that we need a creative mid
I'm talking about how we pretty much fell part after that win.
yes it can be bad as well but many of us care deeply about the team and speak out of frustration. twitter is worse to me because many times it\u2019s not even united fans. chelsea, arsenal, liverpool fans and just band wagoners in general that can\u2019t wait to hop on and talk negatively. it\u2019s so toxic to see.
it really is. I like twitter in general, but when it comes to sports commentary it can be divisive to me.
Indeed. Quite easy to get a clean sheet against Watford as well.
Rotation is good and all but we're still building the team and chemistry
I understand that, but the urgency with which we play, and the movement from all the players is much improved. That's not just about the opposition and how they play, but the attitude of our own players imo.\n\nAt least that is what I think.
That's the lads charity work for Christmas finished then
But it seems that even under Jose we had many games where we just couldn\u2019t beat lower opposition or had very lucky last minute winners e.g. struggling to derby.
Nothing to this magnitude under Solskjaer though. Solskjaer's large sample size and the same pattern showing up in consecutive games without fail is unprecedented in the post Fergie era
Lol fuck them if they think questioning the manager when he\u2019s been pretty bad means not supporting your team.
The players back him but we're even worse than last year. It says a lot that with a broken dressing room Jose still managed to gain more points at this stage.
The difference is that Jose did win us a few trophies and grafted us a 2nd place finish, Ole got a world-record-costing CB and 50+ million RB and we are even more shit.  He's trading on his playing career only now, every time we encounter a match where management is crucial he shits the bed.
Solskjaer is in charge of a long term project to reverse six years of negligence from the United board, Jose is a short term fix and that\u2019s exactly what we got from him.
Less competitive because the top teams are worse. The gap has only closed because the best teams are worse not because everyone else has gotten much better.
Agreed 100%. Ed has found the perfect puppet in Ole.
Forgot that one. Played well in that game because they didn\u2019t sit back and let us counter attack.
And Norwich have all sorts of holes in their defence
At the beginning of last season we were hoping to challenge for a title. Now we\u2019re 8th, 5- points off top 4, and debating if something needs to change with the manager\n\nEdit: clarification
We were never challenging for the title, but we were trying to be competitive for top 4 but we\u2019ve still failed to be competitive while other teams are choking.. wouldn\u2019t be surprised if Arsenal have a managerial bounce and go right past us in a month...
7 points*
>At the beginning of last season we were hoping to challenge for a title. Now we\u2019re 8th, 5- points off top 4, and debating if something needs to change ffs\n\nNo one is debating if something needs to change.  Absolutely no one except you.  We are in a transition.
Missing the point
i bet if we looked at what the board was saying under Mou - i'm sure it was >90% fire Mou. Singing his praises now is revisionist history at best. Let's be honest - Mou won't last more than 3 years at any club. And he was losing the tactical battle to Pep and Klopp. I am not arguing now that Ole should stay or is better. I just don't know what to think anymore. But i am 100% certain Mou had to go and he wanted to go anyway.
Your point was based on bullshit made up propaganda logic.  You are missing the point... your argument is incorrect.\n\nEven your comment that expectations have been lowered drastically are you projecting.
I didn\u2019t say he was only sacked for missing top 4. But if he made top 4, he would still be here. Ultimately the results decide. I wanted him gone as much as everyone. But I can acknowledge that the fans held united to higher standard under him.\n\nIt\u2019s not propaganda if it\u2019s true mate. Are you happy with ole right now? Worse record than mourinho, and the players are playing for him.
> We fired mo. because he missed top 4.\n\n>I didn\u2019t say he was only sacked for missing top 4.\n\nYou are full of it\n\nedit: lol, and there you have the simpleton mind of the anti-Ole brigade
[deleted]
Mou was destructive.  We should have sacked him sooner and had less shit signings
90% of the players didn't want to play under Mourinho. He lost the wardrobe completely. Only Young and a couple of others said good bye to him
It's that simple. There's more small clubs than big clubs. If you're only winning against big clubs it's unsustainable
And he still was better than our midfield until pogba came.
not as though the forwards were actually moving or creating space
Lindelof and McTominay did that much more.
It's not a competition in who's the most shit you know. Did they cost 80 mill as well btw?
Not at all. As an Arsenal fan i can absolutely guarantee you will beat us with a penalty in the 83rd minute after an absolutely headless challenge by Mustafi or Luiz, in a game with no shots on target from both teams before that. The win will save Ole for a couple more months
If he is so shit at tactics why do all the top managers have trouble beating us. Should be really easy right?
Because they play there attacking ways which leaves gaps in their backline that we abuse with our speedsters.\nSome question can be asked: why do we drop so many points against lower level managers ?
See wolves
Oh don't worry, they'll be in here calling everybody else toxic plastics soon enough.
I think Poch might have a tactic other than counter-attacking.
Thanks for the heads up! Definitely will get that right from now on :)
I\u2019ve had this conversation before and people usually point to his \u2018vision for the club\u2019 and \u2018three great signings.\u2019 \n\nFirstly, no one seems to know what his vision actually is other than \u2018the United way\u2019 and playing youth. Ole seems to go off emotion rather than there being a plan.\n\nSecondly, he\u2019s only signed three players. We needed a CB and RB. What do we do? Sign the \u2018best\u2019 CB and RB outside the top 4 last season. Hardly a stroke of genius.\n\nIf we take him at his word he\u2019s repeatedly said (even as recently as last weekend) that he was happy with his midfield this summer. I get if he was telling a white lie in the summer but why keep it up now?\n\nAll that aside, you\u2019re asking for trouble having your sacked manager come in and dictate the direction of the on-field progress. It would be a disaster.
I'd dispute the idea that Solskjaer made those signings himself. I'm not disputing that he had some influence, but I very much doubt he was the driving influence behind them.\n\nI also completely agree that none of the 3 signings were particularly out of left field. Maguire and AWB were hugely hyped in the press and were the obvious signing to make. James came from a personal recommendation from Giggs didnt he? Even then he was far from an unknown.\n\nYou cant put a former manager in charge of their replacement, successful or otherwise. That is a recipe for disaster
[removed]
Annnnnddd people still defended him when Shaw is like the second coming of judas threatening to fuck jesus again on christmas
TY: Other managers are available.
they really are. Been watching them recently because I'm such a Nagelsmann fan and are club are so painful. \n\nWatching a team with brilliant recruitment, a manager with fantastic tactical ideas and a side that play dynamic football seems like a different world from where we are right now
I've been watching them a lot this season as well. Brilliant club all round
shh, don't tell him that. Leipzig's dominance are 100% because of their manager!
Yeah, DDG didn\u2019t cause us to not score against bottom of the league Watford.
Cant agree more to keep putting him in and watching him fail is just getting mean. Ole should know this and be addressing it for me. You've got him on the new contract make it work for the club and invest the time. Romero is a quality keeper, one area where we have depth no excuse for this to go on.
yup 100% what's the point having the best backup keeper in the world if when he's needed he's not used
Very well put
I\u2019ll send a link wait
After you done that continue arguing with the others, it's funny as fuck for the rest of us
Gary glazer
The thing is we have been so used to being strong defensively under sir alex, louis van gaal and jose that we rarely saw de gea being tested contantly. Up until ole came in we have looked a mess his defensive management. It seems he hasn't learnt much, and what doesnt help is the constant mistakes since he come in, the instability is one i can't see him correcting. \n\nBut in relation to de gea, since he has seen so much defensive errors and be tested heavily he hasn't had a good season trying to save us games. The mental state from them has been weak and psychologically they are not recovering well.\n\nIts a shame mate.
He needs to be droped for Romero, a psicologixal hit that would either make him better, or downright cement his underperformance. But he is costing us points alone, and thats something no team can afford from their goalkeepers.
We have enough talent to be able to beat a team with only 1 win this whole season. Please tell me you're not serious
No I don't, in fact I just feel bad for him.
That's fair.
Rashford has shown time and time again that he\u2019s a great player. He\u2019s not in the same category as the rest. Not even close.
Shaw is not a youth product
But he\u2019s English
Ahh see i didnt watch that game THANK GOD
Bless your heart lol
You\u2019re forgetting palace.
Ah yes! But at least in that game, there were excuses to cover up how shite we were (missed pen + De Gea stinker). The others were just a squad of men in need of a hiding
Why is there no desire against the lower teams. You can blame both equally for me. The manager should get the players up for the game in the right might set confident etc. But if you're so good you beat the top six off pure desire where was that today. Ok maybe you dont carve them apart but youd grind these results out. For me team needs more depth and competition for places and some leaders in the team. Play shit no desire sorry mate you're not playing the big game next week. Then we would maybe see some fucking effort and movement
Hahaha what.
So why can\u2019t we beat any of the lower teams.   If most of the team is quality,  then we should be doing ok against the lower teams, no?   What\u2019s the problem then?
Liverpool fan in my late 40s here. I was around about 18 when we started losing and you started winning so I guess I know how you feel and you know how I feel at the present moment. The worst thing for about being in your position is the  hope- you just need a couple more players, next season will be better, this manager will be the one. I think you tell yourself those stories  because it\u2019s easier than taking on board how systemically your club isn\u2019t competing with the top teams. The truth however, is  it isn\u2019t just one thing that needs to be fixed, this player or that manager, but rather it\u2019s the whole club that\u2019s not run correctly and until that is fixed then success will be difficult if not impossible to find. That\u2019s what happened us, and I think it\u2019s what happening to you guys at the minute.
[deleted]
Mata lacks the physicality and tempo for this match
unfortunately not :(
Don\u2019t blame him omitting the source. Too busy harvesting internet points by being a plagiarist edgelord.
Bingo
I wanna give Ole to the end of the season, but i don't have any faith in him.
The offside call against Sheffield and the other one I don\u2019t remember. I don\u2019t think it\u2019s fair to bench someone for rookie mistakes but play lingard and sub on Mata every single game when they produced 0
It's not like he's being benched. He's barely a kid. He'll be in and out of the team... That's how it works. Kids need easing in.
Yeah, he\u2019s worthless robbing the club being the best paid left back in the world
No depth either aside from an almost retiring Young and inexperienced Williams. The guy has it cushty no wonder he's so inconsistent
There should have been a few things I would change  in terms of personnel , but in terms of tactics, It's not as if Ole sent the players out to play as slowly as we did. Lingard was through on goal and needs to score. Rashford's dribbles were all pretty unsuccessful, and Fred and McTominay couldn't cut the lines with the balls forward. De Gea needs to not drop the ball. These are all individual mistakes.
I think it's totally unacceptable that we're at gameweek 18 and we still don't have a clue what Oles game plan is. I don't see how we've progressed in any way and I have no idea what he's going to do to fix it. \n\nSimple stuff like passing etc have clearly been neglected in the training ground, so I don't even know what they're doing in that regard, no tactics, no plan, no style, what exactly has Ole brought to the table?\n\nI think it's time to go, he's taken us as far as he can, we need someone to push us forward to the next level now, and till the end of the season is way too late, it needs to be done now.
Yeah agree with this. If we play like tis in our last 3 matches for 2019 then im sure he\u2019ll be sacked. Hopefully he can turn things around but i dont think he will sadly
well clearly he's not is he
Agreed and again, he wasn\u2019t bad by any measure, just looked tired.
Yeah, the same for Rashford to me
Don't forget the board too.\n\n\\#shamblesTop2Bottom
True. The board is the biggest issue at the club, but the tactical naivete isn't helping either.
Oh come on. There\u2019s zero creativity in watford\u2019s midfield or forward line. We conceded two to them. No I don\u2019t give a fuck if de Gea couldn\u2019t catch a ball, we were trash. Can\u2019t score, no tactical plan. It\u2019s always down to individual brilliance or penalties for us or we can\u2019t score. Watford scored 4 home goals all season before this game, they scored two against us. Wow. This defense is at full strength but they kept cutting through us like we\u2019re a bunch of fucking mugs. The forwards are all ole\u2019s first choice.
Bullshit. That team is better than Watford in 9 or 10 positions. As they were Newcastle, Southampton, Palace, Bournemouth, Rochdale etc etc. Just admit you support Ole not United and save us all this nonsense.
We need proper managers not fake ones lol
How long can Ole live off one goal? Woodward dropped a clanger when he appointed the guy who came in to be a cheerleader for the team, the plan to get Poch has never been closer then now but still they refuse to budge.
No argument, but this team overall is not productive, so does this say much? I just look at him compared to a Salah, Vardy, Abraham, etc, and I\u2019m not seeing it
Those teams have better managers. Do you think those teams wouldn't snap our fingers to get Martial? He is actually highly rated among opposition fans. For the minutes he's played he is one of the most productive players in the league
Indeed. Teams then setup to ensure they they are stacked on their right as they know AWB won't be too effective. He needs to improve going forward and that's fine to say and something he himself probably recognises...
I agree. I've said it before, happy to allow time for him to improve but when Dalot is back he would be more suited to these types of games until AWB improves offensively. Also gives him motivation to improve.
Not in the Utd section. A few around the ground but mostly mouth breathing Watford fans.
Ahh thanks mate for clearing that up. Few tweets on Twitter were saying our away fans booed pogba so that's why I asked
I didn't notice it but if so, they're obviously blind. He came on and was easily our best player. What were they booing him for? If true? For being injured for 3 months? Mind boggles.
Yeah mind boggles that. A tweet from Twitter that made me asked about it. Cheers
It just pains me to see him feeding the meme machine that is Twitter with awful quotes. Can see him building a team.of good young players but never going to be consistent enough to go for anything big imo. Deep down I hope the rest of the season goes fairly well and we maybe end up in europa again. Then he can go and maybe get potch or a more experienced manager. Love Ole and wouldn't him embarrassed.
And the only reason why he\u2019s getting results from the big teams is that we\u2019re not asked to control the game and we\u2019re only effective when we have space/playing on the counter. Any team that sets up a low block against has a high chance of beating us.
Never said he was bad...just wondering why Maguire wasn\u2019t on him
We have a much better team than watford, you dont need over 200m in the transfer market to beat teams like Watford, Aston Villa, Newcastle, Southampton and Crystal palace ffs.
So many toxic plastics in the comments here. Absolute discraces.
True, fans just wish that we bring a top manager , fix some positions and start winning trophies as soon as possible. We should remember that we are mostly fighting for improvement this season.
There's no progress at this club under Ole. I'm still asking for the Ole fans to tell me our football identity, how we play on the pitch. \n\nAny team can counter attack. We just rely on hoping for a mistake from a big side and some individual talent to carry us through a game.\n\nThen when it comes to the smaller sides which sit back we are totally toothless. \n\nIn fact it's been a constant regression under Ole in everything football wise.
What progress?
Hes got a mess of a squad that was patched together by four managers before him as well as going through an injury crisis. Ole needs time to put his own team together and start learning. Telling something to gtfo just shows that you don't care to give him time. When he wins against big teams you all suck his dick but when he loses to watford you all throw a hissy fit. Let him have some time to put a squad together and learn. Sir Alex took several years to win his first trophy at the club and look where he ended up.
Shaw was definitely poor
I dont think he was. He blocked a sure goal, defended against crosses after crosses from his side, provided good overlaps and provided through balls for our overlapping wingers/pogba. Thats the most you can ask from your lb tbh.
He offered us nothing till the end when he started linking up with pogba and martial. he was just bang average and continuously passing back.
Because none were offering width when he had the ball. Most of the lw especially rashford was just waiting for the ball to be passed to his feet. Rashford has been terrible in the league since the city game. Even in the city game he wasted 2 golden chances btw.
it's just blind optimism ignoring a lot of facts
Ole isn\u2019t the best Manager in the world, yes. But the boards inability to provide him with the tools to have a decent go at it have fucked us. Sacking him and bringing someone who will experience the exact same, is myopic and will leave us in a worst hole than we are now. Poch isn\u2019t going to come in and turn this squad into a top4 side, no matter how much the #oleout boys want it to be true. We are criminally under equipped in key positions and lack a DOF to provide a conduit between the board and the squad.
Nobody is going to help us, I agree. But he should be beating 20th place regardless
What? How does time elapsed invalidate the point of the post? If anything it evidences it\u2019s central tenet - our inability to replace and add to the squad has hurt our ambitions for this season? It specifically refers to the injuries that will require us to call upon inexperienced and underperforming players - as we have. Again, is Ole the best manager now available? No. Do we have the infrastructure and personnel so such a person could come in and get us top 4? No. So we\u2019re back to sacking Ole being a myopic move, borne of short term frustration- same as all the others that got us to where we are now.
>> 2 more windows will be needed to rectify the shortcommings in the squad. After that, no excuses.\n\nYeah you\u2019re right.
Try reading it again mate.
I mean if Ole is content with our current squad, these results should fully be on him. And if he isn't, there's no time to spare. Assuming the board still believe in him. Because if they don't he shouldn't be here.
If we decide the change manager, it should be because we believe someone else would be able to bring more out of our current squad. No need to rush new signings if that is the case, but rather do it properly in the summer.
Fair enough. In any case, I don't think Ole is the right man for us and we should get someone like Poch asap instead of delaying further and further...
De Gea?
Other than the keeper, didn\u2019t include him because Keeper-Captains are quite rare.
Was Mourinho also a shit coach who was out of his depth? How about LvG?
LVG won the cup and finished 5th with a worse squad possibly.\n\nJose was sacked when he was 6th and had more points in less games than this. \n\nBoth were sacked for not doing their job properly and Ole isn't doing any better. We lost to the team that won 1 of the last 21 in the PL. Do you even understand how bad that is.
Spent 150 mil on defence, yet out defence hasn't kept a CS in ages and have a worse defensive record than last year. It's time to let go of this \"Ole's signings have been a success\" myth
13 league games without a clean sheet .. out worst record in premier league era .. yeah his signings have been better but guess the coaching has not
>Three of our best and most consistent starters is a good start, right?\n\nWe need to stop this charade. We signed the most expensive RB in the league (50m). We signed the most expensive CB in the league (80m). You're acting as if Ole found them in the French second division.
So clueless that we somehow didn't manage to create any other chances to score against the mighty watford.
Mighty Watford , so mighty they hold the whole league up
I usually watch the game but I was on the airplane traveling back home for christmas. Basically I could not watch the game not \u201cdid not\u201d
But don't want to see a replay?
Its been more than \"one game\" by the way.
We value passion over actual quality. Sad times.
It\u2019s a shame because the day everyone thought Pogba was going to leave in the same thread people were saying Mctominay>Pogba..\n\nNo team in the top 6 would take Mctominay and that\u2019s the harsh reality, With Fred you can see this guy can become a class player while looking at his Shakhtar days...
So you didn't see the games against Tottenham and City where McTominay completely stifled their midfield?\n\nYou're all reactionary clowns.
Saeed is a legend seen this since Newcastle away
I feel the WC really did him in. He just hasn't been the same since.
I think this would be what I'd do. We have more important roles to fill but I believe we have a better plan for GK than those spots.
Yepp! we definitely have options for the GK. Man, I wait the whole week to watch this team play and I get to watch these kind of performances. Really sad!
Can agree. I'm going to delve into other stats when I calm down.
Agreed, there's far more important holes to fill.
I'm going to have to really dig down into stats to really solidify how I feel, but I just don't have the confidence in him to do the best job. I don't trust him between the sticks anymore and I'm going to try and calm down from the match and bring a more rational argument later.
fully agreed. has been shit for a long time
He\u2019s getting played into the ground tbf while the clueless coach is quite happy with his squad ffs
Because he became a LW who he is better as
He definitely wasn't the worst player on the pitch and wasn't the reason why we lost, but let's not overlook Martial's errors too. \n\n1. Early in the first half we were in the final phase of the pitch. Rashford made an overlap run from the left to the top of the box when James crossed it in expecting Martial to continue his run to the front post to open up a channel for Rashford to shoot. Meanwhile Fred was making an overlap from the middle of the pitch to the left of Rashford to provide a bit of width and support. Instead of continuing his run to the front post Martial decided to control a ball that was behind him in the box, took a decent touch but his shot was horrendous because he was off balance and wasted a great opportunity. \n\n2. In the second half we were on the counter and a ball was played into Martial except he was called for offside because he was walking back. He would have been in 1 v 1 if he had worked harder to get back onside.\n\n3. When we were 2 - 0 down Maguire put a little too much weight into a pass that went out. He was probably expecting Martial to have more urgency, but instead he was jogging slowly up the sideline and when the ball was passed he attempted to accelerate by leaning his head forward and then stopping his run... Wuth that being said Maguire should have placed a better pass too so I consider bot of them at fault in this instance. L\n\n4.  Near the end of the match Rashford had a decent chance and Forster made a save with his foot. It was frustrating to see Martial stood like a statue with his feet planted into the pitch when he should have been on his toes and in motion for a second ball opportunity. \n\nHe had some great movement and touches especially when Pogba came on, but let's not ignore the fact that he had a poor game too. Not the worst on the pitch, but not that great either.
I'm not saying he was faultless today, but just pointing out that the OP was narrow minded if his only conclusion from the game is that Martial is bad.
Where did I say he was the worst player. That was lingard. I went after Martial because alot of you act like he shits gold
The martial agenda on this sub is too much
Because he\u2019s not English, duh.
It's ridiculous. Before Greenwood tried that chip, I saw people in the match thread complaining that Greenwood wasnt getting the ball yet they can't use that same logic to explain why Martial hasn't had scoring opportunities lately.
I'm irish mate. Most of us (not me) hate the brits in general... then most of the irish hypocritacally support english teams (because the league of ireland sucks). It makes no sense... but that's tribal humans for you. Like MLKJ said judge people on the content of their character
Did I say they could? I singled out Martial because a lot of people think he's world class. He isn't. He's just good at times and useless at times
What did he offer in this game. Sweet fuck all. Simple
Probably because that image is entertaining and in line with the sub (this is a Manchester United fan site).  Why allow hate memes about our club here?  And if you are implying that threads don't exist which discuss problems at the club then you are kidding yourself.
Ole and Lampard are unproven. Pochettino was in the Champions League final last year. He didn\u2019t win a trophy but he done an incredible job at Spurs. You can\u2019t compare him to Ole or Lampard.
Fred is definitely better on the ball, he's good with and without. I agree, with Pogba back in the team we should see a better balance but going forward we need more quality in midfield
Fred's ok on the ball in that he's shown big improvments in press-resistance, short passing, and shielding the ball, but he's not got nearly good enough vision and creative passing for me.  He, like mctominay, plays best vs teams that try to dominate possession
Pogba
Oh right
And Lingard tried a chip 1v1 and hit it over the goal. And De Gea had a howler
No it means, we won't get penalties every match to bail us out of our misery.
I haven\u2019t seen him getting much shit today, in fact its been extremely positive IMO. But yes, normally our fan base puts all the blame at his feet because he\u2019s having to try and save a team that gives him no support.
Give it 2 games mate.
If we miss out on Poch for this destined failings under Ole would be criminal
The Press, set pieces and players starting positions.
Would be worse off with hendo and Romero though? No. Cash in now.
His form has been on the decline for at least 18 months and shows little sign of recovering. Handing him a huge new contract was a big mistake.
Stop trying to be rational and making a coherent argument.
Sorry, I forgot that we just lost a game. My bad.
[deleted]
I wouldn\u2019t really call Herrera a true single pivot either. His best position was a B2B that excelled in breaking up play. the last player we could really depend on as a single pivot was probably Matic.
They very obviously do not mean he is literally saying that.
Stop damage controlling.
It took Brendan Rodgers years to build this leceister team.
The analogy is insensible as the kind of reputation we have (had?) and the resources  we've had at our disposal are colossal compared to Leicester. As a result, any manager who comes in stands a much better chance of rebuilding the squad in a significantly lesser period of time compared to smaller clubs (in terms of finances and rep).
Sam Allardyce wants to have a private word with you.
lol
Not sure how much of Barcelona you actually watch mate if you think that Watford performance was remarkable. Less than 500 total passes and 3 shots on goal.\n\nIt's glaringly obvious that United struggle to break teams down. The opponents just set up shop and hope for a mistake. Unfortunately they were gifted two today.
I'm not saying he's not responsible for the mess, I'm saying he should never have been responsible in the first place because we should never have fucking appointed him on a permanent basis.
Yeah, the board should have waited till the end of season
Well he needs to start Pogba now. I\u2019d play Greenwood over Martial. He\u2019s been diabolical.
Are you sure Greenwood would of made that run in the first instance?
Imagine if it was Jones against Deeney lol
I'm not saying he has been terrible, just that there's a big difference in what was expected and what he has delivered
Okay, just sounded worse when I read it.\nThere isn\u2019t a big difference between what I expected and what he has showed, but he has underperformed a little.
No clean sheets in last 13 pl games, 2 clean sheets in 18. I'd say he's been disappointing alright.
I can agree with this, just when I read it at first, it just sounded like his signing was at the level of Fred last season.
I disagree. We played well against team that likes to attack, such as City. However, we are struggling since PSG against teams that plays low block defensive style.\n\nYou have to look at the system we playing against. It is not inconsistent squad, but the system is not properly design well from Ole. We are consistent on doing well against Top 6 and consistent on struggling breaking down bottom teams.
Yes he was, but I was referring to the the fact that he would be doing so much better in a team that is not fucking scared of playing attacking football against Watford
They\u2019re not scared. They just can\u2019t and they have a manager who doesn\u2019t have a clue what his doing.
Can't call him garbage when he had no service.
Not really just showing us how a proper rebuild is done ffs
I can agree with that. Lampard is miles better than Ole. Even when they\u2019re losing, they\u2019re always playing better than the opposition. Its easier to improve something that already has the base than improving something that is non-existent.
He's been losing against shit teams as well. You really don't have a clue
Fuck I should\u2019ve known.  This didn\u2019t help one bit.
How many assists/goals do our fullbacks have combined?
You are still struggling to use an internet search engine
Actually I didn\u2019t. He deserved a lot lot lot more time than ole. He got us consistent cl football and got our highest finish in the league post saf, but then we don\u2019t back him in the summer and he has a meltdown, but we still were grinding out the odd result. We should\u2019ve kept mourinho, sold martial and backed mourinho all the way. Look at how Lukaku is playing. He was playing like that in the first season for us, martial is a lazy bum
Yes because Mou deserved to be sacked for poor performances. What does it say that we are worse now and it seems Ole has his place secured cause Ed has no balls to sack him.
Lol
Not sure how that's different.
[deleted]
Can you explain why they're being short sighted? I feel like 8 months of absolutely abysmal form and performances is a decent enough sample size to say \"hey, maybe this isn't working out\".
Because we are taking points off the big teams, struggling against smaller ones because we don't have players technical enough to unlock a deep defence. Because he is looking to buy players that are good enough to do this or to shore up our defence. Because he laid out his long term plan to Woodward when he joined and said it's an aim for the start of the 20/21 season, not a quick fix.\n\nHe might not be the guy tactically long term, but for a few years he has an actual plan he wants to implement with players who actually want to be here, he turned down trying to get Eriksen because he didn't believe in his commitment t the club.
9 wins in 29 is shortsighted it seems. Long term, I see us 10th-15th with this fraud of a manager
I sadly have to agree with this.  The ole out crowd come screaming as if we didn\u2019t have a proven winner or two previously and it was the same story.  A couple mistakes and a completely heartless performance.
I don\u2019t agree but to each their own. He covered well defensively and worked hard moving the ball forward when Scott was meandering and aimless.  But I guess we all see through some kind of bias.  Weird thing is I HATED Fred until about. A month ago.  Soemthing my post history reflects. I keep waiting for him to be awful again and he hasn\u2019t been to me.
Expecting a midfielder to create SHOCKING!!!
Expecting a CDM to create as many chances as world-class attacking midfielder and then getting disappointed when it doesn't happen.\n\nBut hey you do you
James and rashford should cut in more too. They are too wide, awb and shaw should be the ones overlapping so that the crosses should find them in the box we aren't creating chances because we're stacked at the bylines
Indeed. James isn't a RW though, so he's being played out of position. We have an issue with Rashford who isn't a striker, and isn't good enough with his decision-making at LW to really create for whoever is supposed to be the main goalscorer. Ideally James would play LW if anything.\n\nI think I said this in the first couple of games of the season, but AWB is doing exactly the same thing Valencia/Young were slated for - run forward, receive the ball, face defender, cut back and pass back/inside to a CB or midfielder. He needs to overlap, fly past people, and feed crosses/cutbacks in for the strikers. But for that, we need a proper, competent RW to get that ball and bring on the overlap.\n\nAWB usually receives the ball when he's *alone* down the RW, where he's faced with 1-2 defenders set up ready to defend. Our squad still isn't built correctly. (Even though I love how James has done this year)
Yes absolutely these players are needed and why I'm sticking with the ole-in camp. He can only do so much with such poor players
Surely he's the one deciding to go into the season with the current squad.
we cant win without penalties hope this helps
Look at how different we looked as soon as Pogba came on, everything was quick and precise in the final third for once. We\u2019re going to be shit against these teams no matter the manager until we have players that can actually play through balls and the balls over the top instead of passing sideways.
I'm all for being optimistic and happy when we win but people with reactionary shit like 'we are a somewhat more  entertaining version of LVG's Manchester United right now.'  and comparing his stats to Klopp first year in the Ole 1 year thread was just seriously wrong.
Optimistic when we all knew we were so good at counter attacking and yet awful against the bottom sides. It was reactionary
Optimistic? People were mass downvoting anyone who talked about the 25 games before those two games. It was like ole will not make mistakes. Fucking hell
some rando on BBC comments
Can\u2019t don\u2019t anything when coach drains them by running marathons
>Honestly, how can you blame this loss on the manager?\n\nWe were outclassed for 70 minutes by fuckinng Watford. They retained possession better, created more chances, and were more likely to score another goal. Warford had 2 wins in 22, we should be destroying these teams instead of getting destroyed.
Sure, first half was weak, but they got 2 free goals and played defensively for the rest of the game. Saying Watford outclassed United today is a stretch. If this is Oles fault, what is he doing wrong?
Can\u2019t even enjoy their struggles anymore, we\u2019re just as shit lmao \ud83d\ude02
I agree. Had he tucked it away then it would have a huge impact on the team as well as his own confidence.
No we haven't when was the last time Mctominay made a goal or assist ?
[deleted]
Id bench Mctominay  more and play Levitt or Garner they are better at passing through the lines
Oh come the fuck again?
Oh god its literally wolf of wall street.\nHe agrees to resign then announces HES NOT FUCKING LEAVING
We're man utd and loyalty and standing by your manager when chips are down means something here. Listen to Fergies retirement speech
Not just any Watford team, a team that's only won 1 other game this season and had 9 points before now. We lost to them because we played the same sloppy football counterattack football all season until Pogba was brought on. Why can't anyone see the glaring issue right in front of us?
Dude, you\u2019re living in the past. Do you watch the game in the 2007 match shirt, waiting for Ronaldo to be subbed in because \u201cthat\u2019s United\u201d? Although he would have started of course, fuck me, why isn\u2019t Ronaldo starting this year? It\u2019s a disgrace, a real \u201cUnited\u201d would have Ronaldo starting. Or Roy Keane. Ole out I guess.
He should just resign and have a deal in place that he gets compensation behind closed doors...
That would be the most sensible thing to do. I doubt he will though, this shit will be dragged on as long as possible im afraid. The sooner he's sacked the better, there's no use beating this dead horse any longer.
yeh becuase the club will really do that deal.
Nope
Looking at your comment history that seems to be your go to statement for anyone that says something you don't like.
You don't see the counterattacking football we play against top 6?!?
Temporary style of play*
just my opinion. I don't know how many times can you restart the rebuild process. I am not against sacking ole and bringing Poch in. I'm just worried about the \"philosophical changes\" that comes with the new manager and then we're back to waiting another year for the man to get his own players, maybe more looking at this board. I don't trust the board to make right decisions and back the manager fully in the window to get his own players in whenever he wants. that's the main issue.
Plan A for Ole is to counterattack. Plan B is counterattack against 11 players when they clear the ball. No creativity, no idea how to break down a defense, nothing to offer at all. \n\nIf this team loses Pogba, we're completely fucked when it comes to creating chances from little to work with.
Or to play 10 matches the same clueless football with absolutely no tactics?
where did I say that? we\u2019ve had 3 different managers with 3 different philosophies in the last 5 years and we\u2019re still in the same position. time to stop blaming managers and realise it\u2019s the shite on the pitch that is to blame for where we are.
It's always difficult for me to think this way. You're totally right, however I think Ole has tactics-wise no idea what he's doing
Lukaku? Didn\u2019t he fit that profile? Lukaku could\u2019ve been top for us without hindering Martial/Rashfords development but fans like G Nev never warmed to him/expected too much from him. To be fair expectations of Lukaku were too high and the club (board+management) are to blame for this but the criticism Lukaku was getting from certain ex-players and the constant abuse from fans, honestly myself included, was shameful. And if we keeping it all the way real we know why Pogba and Lukaku we\u2019re singled out during Mourinho\u2019s tenure. \n\nMy main point is basically as a club legend and someone who gave 110% every single game I have alot of time and respect for Neville. But as a pundit and general fan he\u2019s a fucking rat who\u2019s opinion on Utd and the current players should always be taken with a grain of salt.
Tbf Neville has always rated lukaku highly but he turned on him over the summer for the way he acted. Personally don\u2019t see much wrong with what he\u2019s said, we definitely do need experienced players in the squad but the club aren\u2019t looking at that as far as we hear and it\u2019s probably unrealistic. One reason I always read slightly into what ex players say and particularly Neville is that he is very close with people in the club like Butt. He could know things that happen behind the scenes that we don\u2019t.  Like players attitudes in training etc. I do agree lukaku got a lot of unwarranted abuse as a player though, mainly from fans.
That\u2019s why I kinda wish Ole was in Ed\u2019s spot\n\nOle as GM\n\nPoch as coach\n\nEd as the bridge between ownership and transfer department (Ole)
No. Director of football/transfers.\n\nHe\u2019s done a good job there \n\nHe just sucks tactically as a coach
He picked 2/3 obvious choices. Dan james I will give him yea but hes not a DOF lmao. Do you know what being a dof requires??
Ole at the wheel?
Lingard had a very poor game. He wasn\u2019t the only one. He missed a great chance. He wasn\u2019t the only one. He had nothing to do with the goalkeeping shit show that cost us the match. \n\nAnd I agree. We don\u2019t have the players to play a style and formation that works Consistently against lesser teams.
Agree about Lingard was far from the only one that was poor. However besides a few good December matches in 2019 and 2018 he has consistenly been one worst performers (of the main starting 11), so it's easy to get annoyed and angry when he continues to do poor in such an important position.
Didn\u2019t actually comment on Lingard at all. Commenting on the subs comments on Lingard does not equal commenting on Lingard. You\u2019ve no clue my opinion of him as a player.
Compared to what others did in 90 mins, he did far better in 20 mins. He created more chances in the last 20 mins then anyone else in the entire match from our team.\n\nHe accomplished nothing because rest of the players played shit. M not saying those players were bad or anything, but most of them played shit and sloppy today. And only time we look we will score was after Pogba coming to the field.
I really don't care about any of that when it comes to what I said. It's the refusing to celebrate when we win because that would mean admitting that you're wrong, and sometimes even HOPING we lose because you being right is the most important thing.\n\nWhether you want Ole in or not, you're a supporter, so cheer on the fucking team.
Who the fuck says I don't celebrate when we win. Who the fuck says I hope the team loses. Stop pulling baseless assumptions out of your arse. You don't fucking know me.
You dont know that we\u2019re not allowed to criticise ole? The critics are always wrong. This sub is even worse currently than the Mou brigade period
After we win: Where is the ole out brigade\n\nAfter we lose: where is the ole in brigade\n\nAfter we draw: hotchpotch
Ifkr lol. So apparently just cuz ole is a legend, we aren\u2019t supposed to criticize how awful a manager he is.
Klopp was an extremely successful manager before Liverpool. He had done amazing things with Dortmund. Ole had got Cardiff relegated and managed Molde. He\u2019s in the job because he\u2019s an ex player.\n\nEveryone could see there was progress under Klopp in his first season. They were inconsistent but you could see how he was trying to make them play. I\u2019m yet to see this at United.
The only hope Ole has is that we bring in some major talent because he has shown no evidence that he knows what he\u2019s doing tactically. He just puts his team out on the pitch and hopes for the best of them.\n\nOle\u2019s great start to the job is down to Pogba\u2019s amazing run of form at the time. As soon as that stopped, so did the run. Maybe if we somehow managed to convince players to come to a non UCL team managed by Ole we\u2019d have some chance but I wouldn\u2019t hold your breath.
Honestly I\u2019m Saudi Out because of the prince saying the China treatment to muslims is right..\n\nBut if any rich owners comes, I\u2019m not telling them to use their money just let us use the money we generate and profit a quick 20-25m if you want, these past few years glazer have been profiting shit loads of money and it\u2019s a huge reason we\u2019re a shambles...
I disagree. This is entirely simple to diagnose. We excel on the counter but lack the creativity to penetrate defenses. We need quality and time, a new manager will help nothing.
Or change tactics, formation, style of play...adapt. Do we or do we not have better players than Watford?
I still back him for great things but he has been just about par recently. I\u2019d actually put wan-bissaka and McTominay ahead of him too
Of course I'd put both of them ahead of him as both have been miles better than him. And Rashford. And James. He's a player who has bags of talent but is letting it go to waste. How much he cares about that is my issue
Actually true, behind Rashford who has been stretches of phenomenal and far far ahead of anybody else.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sorry but we should be beating teams live Everton and Watford with the squad we have. Of course we need better players and today was 2 mistakes from De Gea and AWB, but we constantly struggle against the lower sides and it's so frustrating.
Oh yeah. We need 18 world class players to beat the mighty Watford FC. \n\nGet your head checked. Jesus Christ.
Well they\u2019re almost on our level so cant blame the ole in squad for that
Pogba wanted to leave according to City and Pep halfway through a season with the team stood in 2nd place. His wanting to leave has nothing to do with Mou. His wanting to leave is why Mou couldn't stomach him.
It\u2019s a player- manager relationship, it can always be mended. They\u2019re both strong individuals, our board betrayed mourinho by not backing him after he got us second in the league. That\u2019s just sad tbh. Now he took over a spurs team way behind us and will probably be in top 4 now and probably top 3 by the end of jan if Leicester continue slipping. Meanwhile we keep dicking about losing and drawing to watford and Newcastle, and the odd fucker in this sub says \u201cwe don\u2019t have the quality to beat a team that scored 4 goals at home all season\u201d
Not by mou apparently. He was toxic af
I\u2019m not complaining about the fact I have to wake up early - nor am I claiming to be the only one.\n\nI\u2019m complaining it\u2019s not worth it to see bullshit like this lmao
I got up to watch LvG and Mou sides pass sideways for hours.  This is much more entertaining.\n\nIf by bullshit you mean us losing (I am not assuming you do) then you can wait for the result and watch highlights or delayed coverage if we win.
I can\u2019t understand how people can say, week after week, \u201coh freak result, we would\u2019ve won on another day\u201d, without realizing that a season of \u201cfreak results\u201d really undercuts the idea of them being \u201cfreak\u201d to begin with.
united started and ended very good, the middle was shite but still better then watford. the difference after pogba came on showed what united can do with actual competent players
They had 9 points before the game FFS.\nThey had only scored 4 goals at home.\n\nI think some of our fanbase are either blind, delusional or plainly stupid.
almost everyone agreed before the season that this is a long term rebuilding project, yet most of them seem to want to go back to the short term fixes that worked so well under mou and van gaal. 6 months of poor performances by a young team with a clear plan should be expected, and united are still better then arsenal and with a very decent shout of top 4 this season.
There is a world of difference between dropping points to mid table clubs and dropping points to bottom of the table clubs. The former is to be expected in a rebuild, the latter isn\u2019t\u2014not if the plan is working. Unfortunately for us, we\u2019re doing both.
then clearly what united need is time and new players, which means that while this is obviously infuriating to watcht he right thing to do is to be patient
It's always this narrative. \"If a player would finish\" when we literally create one clear cut chance all game. The key is to keep creating. Do you know how many sitters Salah misses per game? Good teams create consistently.
... I mean did we score after Pogba was subbed on? This isn\u2019t a shot at him by the way
Amazing insight this. Look at stones tweet. We started creating after he came on. You can't score without creating
I have so many previous comments that have been downvoted because my opinions aren't \"natural for a United fan\". I just air my opinions and you guys can do whatever you want to it haha.
Just repost this tomorrow, people will notice it more
My point isn't that he shouldn't get stick because he had a poor game. I would criticise his game if he plays poorly same as any player. But I feel (personally, in case people can't tell) that some of the comments are utterly disrespectful to a player who has served our club for as long as he has. You look at players like McTominay who may not be flair players but will die for the badge. Months ago people were praising people like Rashford and Deano for putting everything on the line for the club, and suddenly Lingard gets treated like trash despite doing absolutely everything for us? I don't think it's right, but that's just me.
Most players playing professionally work very hard for their clubs. But for most others, they also have other attributes worth praising, so their workrate doenst get mentioned. Other players also have personal problems. Yet they don't get mentioned in the media. Only in the case of Lingard, it's made out to be something special.
Yes he can do with a benching
On paper no. \n\nBut today in their performance they were.
Its the same case vs Bournemouth, Everton, Newcastle, Crystal Palace etc. Its a problem with the coaching staff. Teams that are OK with a draw against us repeatedly get what they want.
Right.  \n\nWe didn't lost because of one missed tackle.  We lost because of tens of bad tackles, poor positioning, lack of pressure, no plan for attack, attackers wandering about, we lost because we're shite.
I understand that emotions are running high because we were just beat by Watford, but Pogba playing the entire match, a striker with presence, and a proper no. 10 would fix many issues that lead to us losing today. We objectively lost the game because of the reasons I mentioned. Those two things are what objectively allowed the ball into the net twice. Also, our front three and our no. 10 did not take advantage of their opportunities, which they did have. I won't be Ole out until the squad is reinforced and the results don't begin to shift in our favor.
Emotions aren't the problem, peoples sentimentality is the problem.\n\nNo part of this team is playing as well as they should. That's the bottom line. Great coaches make a team better than the sum of their parts, bad coaches make them less.  Ole is taking them to a level below where they can play.
Last week against city had a great game
 His \"great\" game is still just decent by normal standards. All the others did better than him on the team.
Not clueless. We\u2019re worse now than we were then. Objectively. And we have better players now.
No lukaku, Herrera, Fellaini \n\nPeople have horrendous memories.\n\nJose was ruining the club, about to sell Pogba, Martial, alienating players like Rashford, calling players like Greenwood not good when on preseason etc.\n\nI love Jose as a man, but I would never take him back with our current squad and situation. \n\nHe had an objectively better squad.
We have a lot more youth involved now and integrating youth isn't easy and makes the squad arguably weaker short term, plus Pogba missing half the season. No real striker and our only DM was signed by Mourinho and now moves like a submarine\n\nWe might have made some signings but doesn't mean we have better players now. Our midfield depth is laughable\n\n\nNot denying that we might be worse now, it's hard to tell really. I've been a fan for nearly 30 years but these last 5 or 6 have just coalesced into a big shitshow\n\n\nI wouldn't say we have better players now. Maybe in some positions (AWB and Maguire), but we also lost our next best midfielder after Pogba in Herrera who wasn't replaced, plus Pogba out half a season nearly and we lost our only actual striker who isn't an inside forward being played as a #9\n\n\nAlso some players have declined or not improved as expected. Our midfield depth is like that of a team finishing outside the top 8 if you remove Pogba
Jose got less out of a team with better players. And you all wanted him out as well. LVG also a great manager who couldnt do it because he didnt get time. GTFO
I didn\u2019t wanted Jose out, I wanted Jose backed. Im all for getting seasoned winners, notice how only under these two managers did we ever won trophies?
Thats because our best players are good counter attacking players and we have shit midfielders who lack everything
Do you think Pep Guardiola or Jurgen Klopp would do better with this team?
Do you really think the wouldn't?
I\u2019m gonna just take the sensible route and not sack our manager before every transfer window. If we sack ole now we\u2019re gonna be stuck with the same players. You need to wake up and see that ole is doing everything right. We are beating the top teams. We are losing to teams that sit back. All we need is a player or two to break those lines and we\u2019re golden. Stop overreacting and see the big picture.
I see the big picture, and all I see is Ole not taking action against failure. Lingard has no business playing for starters. DDG has not been himself since last season, and thus deserved a kick in the ass with Romero starting in the league. But no! Ole chose to go soft on some individuals instead of giving them a kicking in order to find out what they are made of.
\u201cDoing everything right\u201d?! What? His record is abysmal. Big, ruthless clubs get rid of managers that aren\u2019t good enough and hire a better one when they\u2019re available. Football is simple like that.
Lmfao
This 100% people will just leave some one that isn\u2019t effective open and double team Pogba and try to isolate him..
>I can guarantee you that Pogba is gonna get manmarked by 2 players in his next game just like the end of last season, which would be followed by people calling for his head.\n\nSee, this is the harsh reality. I don't get how this stuff is so obvious to some of us while others still are blind to it. Let's say we had a Bruno Fernandes too, on top of Pogba. The likes of Watford will merely roll out a more conservative zonal defensive system, and you can be sure it'll stymie us because players ***are not drilled to make supporting runs, spread the pitch and compress it, run into channels, Etc.***
Yes. This. City have people like De Bruyne, Bernardo Silva, Aguero, Sterling, Mahrez et al... and the manager sets them up to play as a team, where every player has specific input and different traits complement the entire cog system. This needs to be the reality at United.\n\nWe're 8th at Christmas for Christ's sake. Are people going to gloss over this?
I'm neither British nor American so either doesn't really affect me haha. \n\nFor me, I don't blindly support Ole. I don't think he is a tactical genius and at any other club he would have been gired long ago. But I support him mainly because he sticks to what made me support the club in the first place, an emphasis on the youth and blooding players from our academy. The season was never going to be smooth and we've been plagued with injuries to our best players, we're left without a top striker to finish chances and our form is as erratic as an atom but the fact is this is a young squad that fights for the manager and seeing that always helps. I believe wholeheartedly we are very close to a team that can challenge for titles, we just need the support in transfers. \n\nPlus, getting rid of Ole now will make things worse for us. We've spent a long time working with Ole and the players back him. We fire him, we lose that momentum and we lose morale. Getting someone like Poch won't miraculously turn us into a top club again.
>Plus, getting rid of Ole now will make things worse for us.\n\nI don't quite understand this. Did it make it worse for us when we sacked Moyes.\n\nDid it made it worse for Chelsea when they sack a manager.\n\nDid it made it worse for Leicester when they hired Brendan Rodgers.\n\nThe list goes on. We've spent a year or so with Ole, is it leading to something good in terms of performances on the pitch? I don't see any improvement. It's some of the worst football I've seen since Fergie. It's not just about losing, you can lose but still perform decently. There have been utterly horrible performances, and they've been predictable.\n\nLet no one say that this Watford performance was something out of the blue. This was not a deviation from the norm, it is on par with what we've come to expect from the team against bottom sides. The stats are there for all to see. We have 33% win rate this PL season. 6 wins out of 18 games. But I don't want to use stats as the reason. Stats can be deceiving, but the performances? Not so much brother.\n\nI'm still hopeful that January window leads to some tinkering in the squad that gives us a change in fortune, but if this shit goes on till February it's time to pull the plug on this experiment. Because no way in hell would we have appointed Ole as a manager if he wasn't a club legend, but we did and his results made us took a risk on him. I don't mind that. But when the gamble hasn't paid off, and it continues not to after more than a a year and 2 transfer windows, you have to stop with the sink cost fallacy. You can't keep doubling down on it.\n\nThat's how you end up naked on the streets on a chilly winter afternoon.
How about instead of the downvotes someone answers a genuine question. First I\u2019ve heard of him being racist so I\u2019m curious.\n\nOh I see.  The original Post calling him a racist was edited. So I guess he\u2019s not done anything racist?
He didnt criticise for that one error. He basically made out he was a poor defender as he goes to ground too often.
He is in his fuck, we'd be bottom half of the table if it weren't for the amount of goal opportunities he snuffs out. We'll talk about whether we need a proper wingback when we start actually dominating games.
Run fast, run fast in the box and go down if u get touched
Against teams that sit off, I **wanna** say that we attack thru build up in the half spaces involving the 10, winger, and full back creating quick, fluid triangles. We kind of saw glimpses of it against Colchester (and, funny enough, in Ole's first few games in charge). \n\n\nLike I said, though, I **wanna** say that, but I've watched our games...
Fuck off with your thinking that I need to blindly support my manager when he definitely is beyond his depth.
Blindly support is not the same as giving him a chance
[deleted]
Give it Giggsy till the end of the season
It takes a special kind of person to compare the quality of the squad that Moyes inherited to this.
Guess I\u2019ll have to agree but we can see how limited the midfield is when going forward against teams who sit back. We desperately need some creative midfielders.
Our players were certainly not very fond of Mourinho, that\u2019s for sure. \n\nAnd how many times have you heard of players requesting meetings with the board to save their manager\u2019s job?
[deleted]
And this makes you happy?
Every team has an off day, changing the manager won't affect that. Over the past 6 years we have always had a poor mentality against the small sides which lead to poor results ... and how many managers have we had the past 6 years??? And its made fuck all of a difference except given us a side full of deadwood ... which ole is trying to clear put and develop the squad. Changing the manager is so pointless for this squad ... we need to upgrade and move onto the next match
Well this team has an off day almost every time there is a weak opponent. That is not a coincidence.
Every team has an off day.. Well yeah maybe but with united there are more off days than anything.\nUnited are miles off top 4, we have two world class players in de gea and pogba.\n\nI agree to a point that there is no point changing the manager again at this time though, it is the players, they simply are not good enough, most of them are stealing a living, shouldn't be anywhere near the first team squad, this is Manchester United were talking about and most of our players bar rashford, pogba, Dan James, de gea, wan bisakka wouldn't even get in Watford 11 and yes that goes for martial. I don't give a f what this sub says, all people do here is over rate and hype him up when he's in reality a lazy cunt. If martial played for a rival he would be slaughtered by this sub.\n\nWith the playing small club mentality.. Who the fuck do these players think they are, most of them shouldnt even be here yet alone be underestimating or looking down at other teams. Unprofessional as fuck.
We weren\u2019t this bad against mid table teams mate, in the last 6 years. Also you saying it\u2019s easier to fix against shit teams compared to good teams? Yeah obviously because we just sit back and counter lol...\n\nEdit: while the shit teams you have to break them down and have a style of play... look at what de Bruyne said about Arsenal my easiest game played because the amount of space they give him, same thing happens when we play most top teams we sit back and exploit teams giving us so much space to counter...
So frustrating to see posts like this downvoted. Simple thing people don\u2019t seem to understand is that changing a manager will not change anything this time. It worked last time because the negative mood of the place under Mourinho was lifted. \n\nThe manager has not lost the players. These types of performances happen, they happened under Fergie. The difference is, in the past that 1 on 1 would\u2019ve been buried and the individual mistakes leading to their goals would not have occurred. The mentality isn\u2019t there yet, these players have had 6 years of a negative mindset ingrained into them. They need a couple of experienced winners in there to help guide them, a Roy Keane/Cantona mentality of dragging them to a win. They need help on the pitch, not off it.
Nope but not going to slate the manager for two individual errors
Would've ended 0-0 then. Congratulations on getting one point from a team sitting in the relegation zone
Hes not improved at all still the same average player
Because this year he also got to a champions league final?\n\nBecause he took Spurs from being a meme team to challenging for titles and consistently getting top 4?\n\nHe's not the best manager in the world, but he's the only realistic option.\n\nIf you think Ole is good enough I'm not sure what to tell you, the man is clueless when his plan A doesn't work.
Lol. Go support City you plastic boy
Then drill Maldini\u2019s famous quote: \u201c If I have to make a tackle then I have already made a mistake\u201d
Except Maldini was mostly a center back and AWB is a fullback, the position that you'd expect to make the most tackles out the back dealing with tricky wingers
Definitely. Somehow first half is definitely always too slow and players too far apart. Seen it last few games, we go more compact second half. Ole's got a share of blame but not all or even majority like the sub will start saying.
>These long wall of texts say so little with so many words. Holy shit. \n \n\ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2642\ufe0f I can't help if you struggle to extract things I've said by reading the text.
No, I understood what you want to say. But it's a load of shit. Ole should only have this season and no more. Even that is generous
It\u2019s alright mate, we\u2019re all in this together...
Point taken. Hopefully this game becomes an eye opener for Ole to try a different lineup instead because it's become increasingly obvious that the current starters can't break smaller teams.
I don\u00b4t know and don\u00b4t know why this is getting downvoted. It\u00b4s interesting.
People are weird. It\u2019s a reasonable thing to point out.
That's a given. My comment was entirely tongue in cheek
Might want to add an /s...Your karma might reach unhealthy levels
What's not good enough is a midfield with Lingard, Fred and McTominay
And remind me again who refrained from getting better players? Remind me who said he is happy with the squad. And while you\u2019re at it, remind me who just said nobody comes in or out with his approval? \n\nCome on mate, everybody wants the fairy tale \u201cprodigious son has returned\u201d success story, but he is out of his depth and has been. If you and I were to fuck up at a job this much, we\u2019d be looking at a bleak future.
How? Regardless of what happens next, his Chelsea team (without transfers) have done their share of the business with what they have. Once they get back to business with transfers, it will become a greater nightmare to play against them.
I agree with that and its similar to overall views i've expressed myself about Chelsea's outlook but I thought the post I was responding to was about the on going Spurs-Chelsea game in singularity.
I mean we have the EL...
A joke. Hence the lmao.
Shit joke
If we play a 4231 I would expect Pogba in for Fred. I don't like Pereira but he can play as a 10. Pogba isn't a 10.\n\nMartial is playing far better than James
I don't think Martial is playing much better than James but each to their own.
What did shaw offer going forward, He isnt fast as he used to be and always slows down play by running down the line getting closed down and playing safe backward pass.
He is not close to being on klopps level, im just trying to point out that he is not as bad as it seems after a loss like this
If only it were ONE loss like this. Except it already happened against Bournemouth, Newcastle, West Ham and Palace. We've been like this since last spring and there's absolutely no signs of improvement.
We should all complain about it, I will complain relentlessly.  \nBut it needs to be balanced, and it needs to be realistic. We know this will keep happening, and while some are prepared to be patient because they believe it will be worth it in the end, some people don\u2019t. Both stances are actually quite reasonable to me, but immediatly writing OLEOUT in all caps after a loss doesn\u2019t really contribute, it\u2019s just venting frustration. We all know they want him out.
There's complaining and feeling disappointed, and then there's Ole out.
You definitely can, but he can complain too.
I was ole in for a while but it's absolutely embarrassing now. No excuse not to beat the bottom team in the premier league, we're only 2 points above arsenal and they're having their worst season ever.
Still embarrassed? #clown
The only embarrassing in this are supporters like you. We lost a game, it's not the end of the world. Go and support city plastic boy, you'll be a great fit
He needs to be utilized, he's actually a great all around player.
He's not. Probably a drifter from another sub.
I certainly would rather win and for it to go well for the team. However, as I don't believe in Ole (please do not kill me) I would prefer that he gets sacked early rather than late.\n\nDon't get me wrong. I wish Ole would prove me wrong and be what most of us hope him to be but I'm not at all convinced. I believe in giving the club time for a rebuild but at the same time, time has to be given to the right manager as well.
Brandon Williams
Dunno why you got a downvote. Williams shows the kind of fighting spirit you want from a full-back, and his potential ceiling is clearly high.
We gave them their first win
Its an embarrassing circle jerk. Emotions ruin ambitions and thats exactly whats happening to this club
Cuts both ways, this club is a shambles and it isn't because of the manager. Half a billion spent and we're miles away from any semblance of a decent side.
Some already are, and I regularly catch hate for pointing out Ole's role for our current predicament. As things stand, we're more or less half way through the season, sitting at 8 th level,  on a Newcastle team managed by Steve Bruce, behind Wolves, and three points behind Wilder's Sheffield United. Liverpool have double our points tally.\n\nI'm sure I'll see users again bash the players instead of seeing a problem as fundamental as Ole's lack of coaching ability.
That is entirely the case for yesterday though? Yes we looked pretty average but didn't deserve to be 2-0 down, and absolutely nothing Ole could do about the goals. Pogba probably should have been on at half time, given how good he looked. Can only hope that now he's back we can be more incisive.\n\nLingard should have hit the target on his one-on-one.\n\nNot sure why Martial only came to life when Pogba came on - he looked pretty disinterested then started dropping deeper to pick up the ball and run at people and looked really dangerous.
We lost not just because of individual errors but also because of our inability to penetrate low blocks as usual. If that\u2019s not on manager and coaching staff, I have nothing to say
Lmao what a kneejerk reaction. Two weeks ago we beat city and Spurs back to back. Shit happens, young team with consistency problems.
Thank you! I\u2019m glad someone finally noticed McTominay\u2019s lack of ability on the ball.\n\nTo this day I don\u2019t understand why Ole decided to give Shaw regular minutes out of nowhere instead of Williams. Yea Brandon was making silly mistakes but he was learning from them and improving from game to game where as Shaw is just bang average and spreads his legs for anyone at any time.
Our forwards have to constantly come short because nobody can play them through or in behind. It\u2019s frustrating to watch and slows things down considerably especially when Tony is good at pulling the CB out of position then Marcus makes the run in behind. \n\nOnly thing I can think of is maybe Ole wanted to give Luke a run of games to try and cement is spot in the team but he isn\u2019t taking his chances. Shows nothing going forward and is a liability in defense.
Shaw should be third choice behind Young and Williams
It\u2019s not that he doesn\u2019t trust them. They just can\u2019t do it or at least not consistently. McTominay misplaced so many midrange passes in that midfield today.
Rashford and Martial notched up their intensity when Paul came on knowing he can actually play with them. Seems like they have no faith in Jesse Scott or Fred to play balls over the top or find them on runs between the CBs so they just come short for it every time. \n\nI\u2019m giving Ole time to sort out the squad in the transfer windows and banking on things improving with Paul back but I\u2019ll be very worried if things don\u2019t change.
Yeah that's true, I suppose there's not much point making runs if you know the ball will never come. \n\nI think even if Pogba somehow stays we still need more creative talent in midfield, players who can control the ball and pass it to a higher standard.
TruST ThE ProCeSs
Thanks mate feel better already \ud83d\ude18
Oh I know. It's a collective issue. I just don't get how he'll get blamed for individual errors/passages of play.
This is my issue with comments like this, if we're being honest the game should not be decided by one player's mistake. We were not strong in the first half, gave the ball away and failed to create chances, then there's Lingard's miss. If a rank amateur like me can see we're playing poorly against a team that will surely be relegated why can't Ole?
> You do you man\n\nMerry Christmas to you too!\n\nWe're going to end up 5 or 6 is my prediticon. What is yours?
If Ole can get the players he wants then 4th. If not then probably same as yours. The league is so wonky this year and beside Liverpool everybody can beat everybody. Top 4 is within our grasp but Ole needs the player that could improve the team. This will gauge our assessment of Ole because if he still lose despite having an improved team then we can safely say that Ole weakness
We didn't get outplayed. They scored twice from zero chances and we had plenty of opportunities to score.
LMAO, Even after we went 2-0 down they looked far more likely to score on the counter than we did. I don't know what game you were watching man.
He doesn't even earn that much at United. If he moved he should be able to increase his wages massively
I'm gonna be ridiculously optimistic and say he's here for love of club
You know what, that's a great point. Wasting his prime in this team would be a terrible career move
I think that's true to an extent, but I also think there's a large element of luck in the players you get and how they turn out. We have ended up with a lot of mid-table quality players.
He's been poor for 2 seasons. He needs to be dropped. I know it isn't every week but he's far from what he was and right now I'd rather Romero. Signing him on 350k a week was one of our worst deals.
Was a lyric from skepta song sorry if it came of as aggressive
I knew it was a song lyric, wasn't sure what song, was not offended, I upvoted it after first reading, my initial comment was bad anyway
There could be validity in that but I'm still unconvinced by him. Still early days but with the price we've spent and him being an established premier league defender, I was hoping for a more immediate impact.
Yeah I don't agree with the price too. 80 million was too much.
He certainly isn\u2019t the best in the league though and hasn\u2019t been for at least the past two seasons.
People are delusional thinking he's the best goalkeeper in the league.
The last 6 years have sucked me dry.
They both did.\n\nBut the irony is now we\u2019re being patient all of a sudden with a much inferior manager to those two. Doesn\u2019t make sense at all.
We were pretty patient with those 2 too to be fair, had we sacked LVG earlier that season we might have made top 4 and had we gotten Jose out earlier we might have salvaged last season, Ed always waits too long to pull the trigger on sacking managers.
And so does Ole. Especially with Poch sitting right there waiting for a call
The same Poch who won 0 trophies with a Tottenham squad that is 20 times better than this one?
And so does Ole
Agreed. But sacking them for this was unjustified.
Yeh, Ed needs a new crystal ball I guess.
That just sums up how blinded we all are by Oles status and how the standards have plummeted.
As does Ole now
As does Ole
Did I say anything about headless chicken? There's that and there's putting the work in. He doesn't do that. And what else does he do? 4 Prem goals in half a season so far playing throught the middle? That's one more than Dan James, the cheap kid signing we got from a Championship side. James plays on the wing, to boot, unlike Martial who plays throught the middle.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nDon't get me wrong, Martial is a talent but he needs to step up his game, big time.
I\u2019m not arguing that Martial doesn\u2019t have a lot of work to do. I\u2019m arguing that people cut Rashford slack and they shouldn\u2019t. Yes, he runs more but I could argue that nothing impactful comes from it. Work rate is not only distance covered, and even if it was, Martial was less than a km, away from Rashford\u2019s average distance covered for last season. This season, Martial has made a step forward in that regard, meaning that the number will be very likely even smaller. Both of them need to step it up big time and that is what I try to argue.
Except berba converts.
Completely agree with that
Woodward mentioned that he overrode some decisions, most notably has to be Maguire when Jose wanted him
Some. But now we have him. It's all confusing.
Youngs been our Captain, De Gea has been less than average for about a year, we should never have given him that insane contract.
I wonder how much a new manager would change the backroom staff...
It Poch or any other manager comes in I don\u2019t want any of the current staff near it...
Still, when they pushed up players, they didn't score until our players actually made mistake.
[deleted]
So was Rashford. Just saying
We created 3 \u2018big chances\u2019 in the game, Martial created all 3 of them, OK, he didn\u2019t score but he offered a lot, I think he was the best of a bad bunch and Pogba was absolute class - I can\u2019t say anything else positive about the game/result. I\u2019m gutted. \ud83d\ude15
So... Which 3 chances?
Historically sure, but in the last year he has been more of liability than a saviour.
It was only a couple of seasons ago that Dave was literally saving us points week in week out with a shit defense.
How was he ever going to beat that Liverpool team in the final?
With a midfield that far outclasses Liverpool, a decently good defense and Harry motherfucking Kane
It's genuinely impressive to see someone this deluded and wrong about something honestly. Well done mate, very impressive indeed
its genuinely this depressing that United Fans fail to see the reason to stick by the manager when Sir Alex fuckin Ferguson literally said stick by your manager.
If there is no acceptance consequence than being acceptable or not acceptable is irrelevant.\n\nI am pretty sure if you supported a lower position club then you would still care about the club (it sounds like you care a lot).  I totally get how the Glazer situation can get people to care less.  We are lucky we are not in a  Mike Ashley situation though or City and Chelsea who sold out for image propaganda for appalling rich people.
It's not ole over the club it's the fact that whoever comes in will do little different because the crew behind the scenes are shit. Poor recruitment, paying too much for players, and taking too long about it. The sweetener will be that the new shirt deals gonna be awesome,so all our balance sheets are gonna look mint!
Little different apart from the fact that they will probably be able to do better than losing 2-0 to a Watford team who hadn\u2019t led in a game at home for a single minute before they played Ole\u2019s mighty United all season.
That's why a manager needs to guide them to do it. Managers aren't only about game tactics, they do man management too!
How much of him have you watched?
I have read more about him than what I have watched which is mostly from Youtube so I have not watched much.
Everything Lingards fails to , Martial is constantly dropping deep playing 1-2s and releasing the ball to get it to Rashford and Dan James early , Cool.\n\nCompare Rashford\u2019s form pre-Martial return & post-Martial return. \n\nYou think that\u2019s coincidence? \n\nYou think it\u2019s a coincidence James always has acres of space to dart into now?\n\nMartial\u2019s dropping movements, awareness, hold-up + all-round game is crucial to this side. It not be much in the grand scheme of things but its something he offers that no one else does
Martial is a waste of energy. Can't get a new striker quick enough. Can't do the hold up interlinking that well, can't finish as well as an out and out striker. Hasn't got anything that makes him stand out. Guy doesn't give a fuck. Need to cut losses with him. He'll have a nice career at some Ligue 1 side. Really stood out today giving James acres of space.... Rashford has performed recently with or without Martial
I still think Haaland struggles  tbh maybe Pogba will make a difference
Grow up
He is though. Have you got him in your ultimate team?
Mid table quality should still beat Watford.
Rofl.. Actually true. Fred can barely make any forward pass.  Either he is told to or basically can't.
Allegri is there too still, no reason to keep Ole on over these guys
you know this why i love when herrera still in right midfield because we can see martial pogba shaw on the left
I like rashford but i hope he improve on his linkup play and be more selfless. Even nani was much better than the shit he has shown this season. He is a good player but he wont be starting in any SAF side mind you. Tony at least will replace berbatov/hernandez with the way he play but rashford wont replace any prime valencia or nani.
Even when Pogba was playing in Juve under Conte and Allegri, he wasn't at their level.
lol these ppl downvoting you  don\u2019t want to believe the truth you\u2019re saying.
Oles managing man utd difference between a pub side in Totthenham lol
I think he has a point. The foundation was clear from 75 minutes onward. Just give him 4 more transfer window and we can play like that for 90 minutes against watford in league 1. Superbly built foundation \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc
\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23Downvotes incoming
Agreed
Ole is a shit manager who has spent a year showing us how shit he is.  Time for a change imo, I heard there is a manager out there that has actually successfully overseen a top level rebuild in the very recent past....
I heard he oversaw a complete collapse too.
We've been in transition since Fergie left. This is no longer transition, this is a slip to middle table continuity.
3 out of 3 good signings this summer.  That is the most hopeful things have been in a long time.\n\nI supported this club from Div2 and didn't lose my shit.  You should see the initial transition that SAF did and many of those outward players were highly liked by fans.\n\nedit: wow people downvoted that ...twitter is here
I aren\u2019t signing his praises he was shit. But we had higher expectations under him.
Mate look at my post history last year. Reread my original comment, I don\u2019t remotely praise mo.\n\nActually make an argument back lol, your not saying anything.
I am not saying that you are someone who praises Mou (at no point did I say that).  The fact you keep going on about that shows how little of this you are understanding and attempting to understand.  \n\nI am saying that you used an incorrect statement as a comparison in logic as to why we should get rid of Ole.  You created the strawman that Mou was sacked on a single criteria and then compared that criteria to Ole.\n\nI questioned if you were a real Ole fan but didn't say you were a Mou fan.  The only person who has mentioned you potentially being a Mou fan is you.
It's not Maguire fault he cost 80m. He's basically done his job decently so far. I see fans trying to force some sort of blame on him cus of his price tag which is abit unfair. Why is Maguire responsible for giving key passes every game? What are the midfielders doing? Lol. He can only do so much. \nIn doing his defensive duties this season he's been decent.
Because they park the bus and we lack any penetration into the box.\n\nShort midfield to forward connection is our biggest weakness.
I know but it's the manager's duty to figure this out, I know we need to buy in Jan ..we definitely need a CAM, but in the mean time are we gonna keep dropping points waiting for a our savior who will get us back to the top?
He is doing something right. Its not all bad is what I am saying. Its not nothing, its something.
I understand and this is a rebuild with a lot of inconsistencies, but when we play I don't feel we have another option except doing those speedy counterattacks. I mean how many games have we went through that, does the coaching team ever sit down to analyze it and find a solution
What's your point?
They are good against top 6 and struggle against lower teams.
Read a little while ago that one of Oles biggest criticisms whilst at Cardiff was that he'd chop and change to readily. I wonder if that's why he takes so long to make subs or drop players that aren't performing. I mean the sad thing is he's still learning about managing at this level. He seems like such a peoples person this would be easy to fix with the arm round the shoulder chat surely
I don't know. You could start romero but remember we are a organisation a business and the board will ask you as a manager why dafak is a 300k goalkeeper being benched and if you say he is no longer needed then we need to offload david. We dont see the lads in training week in and out so i dont know who puts a shift in and who is the best goalkeeper.\n\nBut yh look we have had the ben fosters, roy carrols. I still think defensively for Manchester United we are really poor.
Thats where we weigh our options, we care more about how we look as a club, or how we show it through our football. Im not giving up on david yet, but so imagine we extended the contract of a washed up player, would you rather still play him because you dont want to show you made a mistake, or sub him off reqlize you fucked up, and do better on the field.\nThats something that obviously aplies to every player, like Fred or Martial (now that greendwoos is also available)\nWhats best for the football club and not the busieness club, thats all im saying we should be aiming for.
There is a lot of shit refereeing in the games we\u2019ve lost against the lower teams. But honestly if you\u2019ve only scored 1 goal total vs palace, Newcastle and watford, why are we bothering to make excuses for them.
[deleted]
I hate Lingard so i would like to see almost every other player than him
Does he really? TAA started against us in 16/17 season and really never lost his spot at Liverpool.
TAA played in 7 Prem games on 16/17 and only 19 in 17/18. Not all were starts.
The problem is that instead of cutting our losses and moving on, we'll just limp to the end of the season, miss out on european football, miss out on any potential targets and that will be it for us for a very long time in attracting talent. There's simply too many teams ahead of us now, we're getting left behind.
Its one step back, 2 step forward. Poch has that pedigree to pull players in from what ive seen this summer. He also can improve his squad players to some league elites ( dier/venthorgen/toby/moura) and he actually reached the final of ucl with 0 money spent in the season.
Why is Lampard a better manager than Ole?
Because his style and tactical approach is proving to be more effective than Solskjaer's. Its evident to anyone paying attention and the table doesn't lie. Lampard is getting his players to play to the sum of their collective parts more often than Solskjaer is doing the same for his players
Lol, you think Liverpool Leicester or Chelsea would snap our fingers to get martial? Only if he was 20M, because he'd just be a bench option
Pathetic response. I know opposition fans who would have Martial starting on their team. Liverpool, Chelsea, Spurs and Arsenal fans who think he's wasted at Old Trafford. His stock is still high whether you care to admit to it or not
Most in the away section were remarking he was our only hope. His main problem seems to be he\u2019s on such a higher level than the rest. Only really Martial moves and works well with him.
Yeah i agree
He's had over year and his only tactic is counter-attacking.
I'll give you the block, it was good. He also put in a good cross which no one gambled on. But he gave the ball away loads, didn't overlap enough and when he did, he would always stop and pass back. He occupies wrong positions and got bullied several times imo
You could say the same about almost everyone today from what you described of him. Awb was awful offensively yet i dont see him getting called out even after that penalty. He provided ZERO ability going forward and thats worse than Shaw. Of course he stopped and passed back when there was literally none made runs in front of him but after pogba came on, he actually made a few good passes to overlapping pogba. He was better than most shits out there today. Much better than awb offensively and defensively
I hate how Pochs availability is making it impossible to keep a cool head. Under any different circumstances I would just prefer us to give Ole the rest of the season.
We lost because if two terrible defensive mistakes and missed chance after missed chance? How can ole be to blame for this?
Because it\u2019s happened more than once, twice, thrice to be a oh we are so unlucky issue ..
