That AWB tackle at the end though
Once I saw him near the ball I knew it was all over.
Tackle man gets paid.
Crystal Palace
Why are you so salty about those people? Let them talk shit, who cares? Hated, adored, never ignored.
I despise them - chat so much shit (an alarming amount as well who claim to be Utd supporters) and it\u2019s always nonsensical kneejerk claims.
Lol literally got downvoted for saying De gea is better than Ter stegen, they are just close minded.
I wouldn\u2019t say he\u2019s better or worse. Ter Stegen is a hell of a keeper
Maldini averaged over 3 tackles per game most of his career I think. \n\nPlus it's Aaron's style. He's either tackling after a recovery run because he's a very attack minded full back, and lots of full backs in that situation just don't get back in time to help out at all (see: aurier today). \n\nOr he's purposely engineering tackling situations by boxing wingers in on the touchline, making them try take him on for pace, a scenario where he excels. He's actually not amazig when a winger cuts inside against him, but he rarely lets that happen. He uses the space on the pitch well and knows how to force scenarios that play into his strengths. Extremely intelligent defender imo.
There has never been a thread involving AWB where that\u2019s been a popular statement. It\u2019s commonly acknowledged it\u2019s a lot different for CBs than fullbacks
You\u2019d be surprised
If our first back to back league wins this season are against spurs and city, it just sums the current team up.
With any luck City will have their way with us and then Everton will do the same and I'll be justified in not getting my hopes up that we're going to put together a good run.
Too bad that's where he took it from in the first place!
Sometimes we have worse injuries in those games, like having Fred as our only available CM. It\u2019s also partly due to smaller teams sitting back in a low block and us being terrible at breaking them down. \n\nBut yes, at this point you do start to wonder if motivation plays a part too..
We have had so many Injuries for me that has been the main problem. Adjusting for so many key players missing is not easy.
Pack it up boys.
Tired
What a ball from Shaw.
It was offside and he knew it.
he deserves one ( i dont know if he's got one?) also, its been a while since our last premier league hat trick
Son was also pretty much invisible
I think Lucas was a close second
Young would have been happy with that. Lucas went missing as well.
That's Mike Smalling to you, u/UnitedFan14
Wouldn\u2019t be in it.
Would be after today!
[deleted]
If we only considered those standards then SAF wouldn't have lasted even 3 years. The reason he was given more time was because the board recognised all the work he was doing behind the scenes.\n\nYou have to look at the bigger picture and not just at the league table, which most fans do.
Shame he was dead at the end. Looked offside for a solid 5 seconds before Shaw passed (though Shaw was offside anyway) and looked completely off on the last. Had a fantastic game and deserved his body to keep going for 5 more min.
Definitely, it seems like he always gets in his head once he has a brace. It almost feels as if he's forcing play too much. \n\nToday, however, it didn't feel that way for once cause he was stagnant towards the final minutes. Despite this, he was amazing all match!
Against City next game \ud83d\ude0f
Yup, good outing from him to especially straight after injury
Also fuck Gazzaniga!
[deleted]
I love a shithouser who can also play really well
Tbh McTominay is my favorite player of ours. I missed him while he was out injured.
Probably because he doesn't have to worry about Pereira loosing the ball every 4 seconds. But I must say - Fred has been strong this season, I really like the progress he's made. I throw Pogba alongside him and McTominay and we really might have a good midfield.
Having Fred play cover for Pereira is awful for both of them.\n\nHaving someone cover for him is definitely going to benefit him.
Yeah he was good too!
Fred Sauce and Big Mac?
Kentucky Fred Chicken with mustard McSauce.
Big Mac with large Freds
And our defence sure tried their best giving Scott a rough comeback, gee. Know Lindelof did the second pass, but can't remember the first. Feel like we've conceded at least 5 goals from that exact same pass in the last year.
Yeah I\u2019ve noticed that too. When he keeps it simple and natural, that\u2019s when he does best imo
Yeah! I don't doubt his vision. Every pass he tries would be amazing if he actually got it to his man... It's his execution that's lacking.
Don\u2019t forget PSG away. Equally good performance.
Why? He was good in the first half too
Didn't like his first half tbh, misplaced a few passes. Thought Scott outhsined him.
Can\u2019t believe he didn\u2019t get carded for that lmao
Any video of this?!
#OurCunt
iCunt
If he takes #16 next year I\u2019m buying that shirt the minute it goes on sale
When Andreas came on I audibly gasped \u201coh no\u201d.
McTominay was good even though he didn't look fully fit and it showed in the second half.
His dribbling is fine
Just happy we can have arguments about who the best player was. Been a while since those happened.
He's at the perfect place physically.\n\nShades of CR7
Lmao what? What else is he supposed to do? That was a brilliant goal, not much a defender planted on the back can do
Get help from Young... Seriously, why is the space you leave open Route 1 to the goal? So fucking poor from a \"veteran\". Can't wait for Shaw to be back full time.
Wrong side of him
It's typical confirmation bias especially for less cognitively abled people.
Really? So it's Ole's fault for being tactically naive when we lose to shit teams, but when we beat teams much better than us it's the players bailing Ole out?
[deleted]
I\u2019m not even saying you\u2019re wrong but there\u2019s nothing you or I can possibly do to prove THAT\u2019s why we played well today, so it\u2019s an entirely moot point
Why? He has only won 4 games in the premier league with a far better team. What makes you think you won't be jumping on the band wagon once again with the rest of the choir boys when poch as well fails to deliver instantly\n\nEdit: 4 games this year
[deleted]
Rashford, Martial, James, Greenwood, Lingard are all fairly quick...
Lol I was thinking about it! The cup is like one of the Sports Direct size cups that I got on sale when the local Shakhar shop closed down.\n\nIt's glorious, but I use it sparingly so the world doesn't experience a drought.
He\u2019s been fantastic for like a month now
Since the first game against Partizan.
He has been let down by a certain midfield partner the past few games. Anyone playing alongside Pereira would look subpar.
God yes. I can't wait to experience the first hint of bitter Jose at the post match conference
One of them was probably me \ud83d\ude02 my voice is fucked, we were singing down the stairs and straight out the doors
Hahaha love it mate, I know that feeling! Old Trafford sounded like it was rocking tonight \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffc
Very true!! Maybe my expectations were naively higher at the start of the season, I loved seeing the fight in us again tonight
The cycle of hope continues once more....
Watching that with my two flatmates who support chelsea was glorious
clearly?
Definitely one of my favorite Messi quotes
It's a copypasta
Well you've got the sauce now, serve that pasta everywhere you go.
This is a classic recipe. Surprised you haven't seen it before
Don;t think that's what cooking but mkay..:D
When Pogba comes back and replace lingard, this midfield trio is looking real good.
MotM for me is both Rashford and Fred.
You think a player of Digne's quality would want to stay for a season in the championship
I imagine they\u2019ll have contract clauses for relegation, so they might not have a choice
Don't rate DCL, and Richarlison is a bit hit and miss imo, not sure about him. \n\nDigne is very proven and a set piece specialist. Honestly would fit into our team like a glove.
Nah not either of those thanks
Hopefully Martial can stay fit for the rest of the season too. Maybe we can discover the cure to alzheimer's while we're at it.
I'll be happy with solidly 5th and reeling in top 4 bit by bit.
Really don't see pogba coming back, i really see him leaving January
I fully agree with you. Even in the Aston Villa 2-2 game you could see improvements compared to earlier this year. We just need a strike who can tap in goals at the back of the goal because with Rashford & Martial it feels like we have two shadows strikers/wingers. Having a pure striker I feel will definitely help us win against the weaker teams.
I think that's one of the weaknesses of a fairly inexperienced coach, less experience in making a weak team play well when they're not up to producing in \"optimal strategy\"
So refreshing to see someone with this perspective!! Hope he gets the time he needs
Indeed.
Elite selling krew
Your flair is my life lmao
Eastern time zone rise up!
Fred played like prime Vidal tonight. Great performance.
Maths - calculus/differential equations.
Sounds shit tbf.
He's the most dangerous when he is on the corner of the box running inward but there have been a few times (especially when Pogba is playing) that he plays down the middle and receives a high ball over the top of the last two defenders and it must make the opponents crap themselves.
Yeah, I remember those ball controls. Amazing.
Don't know whether to laugh or cry at this one.
We remain the only team not to have lost to Liverpool in the PL this year. Looking at the score right now, I don't really see Everton joining us.
https://www.imgur.com/t/pokemon/dZsnW
Ole have more than two trophies
Rashford just needs 8 more goals to beat that bum Lukaku\u2019s highest PL tally for us
The only thing Lukaku can guarantee is his awful first touch and making you want to pull your hair
If it was that dispossession you're taking about I don't think it was his fault. The ball into him was unwarranted and poor.
He can't do no wrong can he?
Me praising McTominay doesn't mean that I'm automatically shitting on Fred. McTominay IS important to our midfield, because the alternative is Pereira. Scott is a leader and is able to shepherd the midfield, which is more important imo. We don't have many leaders as is.
I still get nervous everytime they get into our final third. The midfield and attack deserves more credit than the defense today imo.
I like Kane a lot but I like those two fucking his day up more!
He's just so bad at long balls its mind boggling he's allowed to continue
And I totally understand if it's part of the \"quick attack\" we are trying to implement, especially with someone as fast as Rashford playing on the left wing...but with Young it doesn't lead to anything good. Get it to a midfielder and build something. Or let them make the long pass.
After the game, all I could think about was a midfield of:\n\nPogba\n\nGrealish Mctominay
Dunno about Shaw honestly-
Oh Dalot, I forgot him. Is he injured? Havent seen him in a while.\n\nI am not impressed by Greenwood, but he is 17 and I prefer him playing top with Rashford in a more free position than Rashford top and having to stand Lingard or Perreira...\n\nTuanzebe has been bad as far as I ve seen.\n\nI do not like Pogba. I do not like his attitude, his mentality, his ego, I believe he is toxic influence for the team and Sir Alex would have never accepted this kind of behaviour. He is talented for sure, but he plays for the team once every 2 months, the rest of the time it is mostly for himself, and has the psychology of a 12-year old kid. I think he should be sold and invest the money in a more suitable creative midfielder.\n\nAnd buy Haaland, he is the perfect match for opening up closed defences. With Rashford and James at the wings we would have a killer triplete.
Yes, Dalot got injured at the start of the season, came back and played in the Europa League and got injured against straight away. He's the type of signing we should never have made. He was injured when we bought him even. \n\n19/20 Groin Injury Oct 18, 2019 to now 48 days \n\n19/20 Hip Injury  Aug 4, 2019 to Sep 17, 2019 44 days\n\n18/19 Unknown Injury Oct 17, 2018 to Nov 30, 2018 44 days\n\n 17/18 Meniscal Injury Apr 28, 2018 to Aug 30, 2018 124 days
Then he should start over Young. No more Young please...\n\nWith Williams, McTominay and James we have by far the most handsome team though lol
I think Young was the best option today and I think he should play on Saturday as well. He did have a few mistakes today as well but Williams has not been spotless either. Williams is the future along with Shaw when he is fit but for the high pressure games like this week I still prefer the experience even if it's a liability at times.
Young can only be used as rotation option imo, I think Ole is trying to send a message to Shaw to get his act together, when he started Young today, but that is only speculation. \nLoll i guess you could say that.
>With Williams, McTominay and James we have by far the most handsome team though lol\n\nLindelof? Rashford? Greenwood?
Youn played well yesterday as in many other occasions.
Young at RB is totally different to Young at LB.\n\nYes he is ageing but he is much more consistent on the right. I have no problem Young being used to transition Williams into the first choice RB.
 [Found it](https://twitter.com/UnitedRedscom/status/1202342948324728833)
It's not about inconsistency, the lesser teams parks the bus and this United team doesn't know how to break the defense but the team is really good at counter attacking.
Winks was there, for much longer than he arguably should've been after that challenge on James.
Amen to that!
Wooooo
Toxic Pogba \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
It tru lad thinks he is too good for this team and manager, and i hate to say but understandably so. He\u2019s won the world cup, so he wants to win on the club level right? This rebuild could take more than a couple of seasons to get utd back to being champions (or atleast competing). Apparently he is purposely not coming back, but the sources on this news were like sunsports or some shit, which is iffy, but I think it\u2019s true. I can totally see that asshole agent of his convincing him to pull that shit.\nWhy do you think he clashed with mourinho? They\u2019re both self-servers. He clearly wants out, its too public, no use keeping him just for the advertising deals ffs\n\nSource : https://www.google.com/amp/s/talksport.com/football/634614/paul-pogba-never-play-man-utd-alan-brazil-strong-source/amp/\n\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\n\n\nEdit: dont u dare downvote me you absolute cunts
Yep, a no nonsense, aggressive, big fuck off striker who will always be in the right place at the right time... It will add to our squad depth and give ole options to how we attack...
Would honestly be a dream, he strikes me as the player to break his elbow and keep playing - proper Zlatan Cantona attitude with the class to back himself
Also provides an outlet in the final moments of a game like today. Haaland is a tank when he needs to be\n\nOf course he's so much more as well
They are looking great together.  Thry compliment each other quite nicely.  \n\nCan't wait to have Pogs back we will finally have a proper MF.
Yes, they look great together. I hope Ole continues to work with both of them\n\nI really hope Pogba comes back, but I have a guy feeling that he is leaving :(. I hope I am incorrect
Everyone's entitled to their opinions.  Provided they convey it in a constructive fashion, there's nothing wrong with that.\n\nAnd if one match changed their, or your, minds --- it'd be a bit fickle.  Today was great --- I still want to see this replicated against lesser clubs.
give it time and it will. This is a young inexperienced team, not a well oiled 5yr old machine like the undefeated table toppers
i'd like to know their solution rather than the moaning. \nThis is a young inexperienced team, not a well oiled 5yr old machine like the undefeated table toppers
anyone who can't support a manager through a loss isn't a supporter after all.
What the fuck does that mean? I'm a United fan. Not Ole fan. I'm not supporting the team for Ole. Anyone who is supporting a manager regardless of if he is the best option for the team or not is not a supporter after all.
well, give it time and it will. it took the current league leaders 5 years to achieve their unbeaten status
What lol?\n\nThey made a EL final in Klopp's first few months there, they made top 4 in his first full season there, then they made a CL final and then they had a 97 points league season along with a CL win too. They've only been going upwards with Klopp and our time with Ole absolutely hasn't been like that(yet).
As i recall. We didnt get relegated then.\nI also recall thar the ongoing support made us have a pretty good second game.....
That's kinda the point though, isn't it? Patience, loyalty, actual support as opposed to constantly whining.
Why didn\u2019t we show these ethics under LVG it even Moyes?
Go and support City.
Why?
Maybe I should give blind support to those who post fake stats on an anonymous sports forumn instead.
Does he not have 7 wins in his last 23 pl games?
Godly is very extreme, rashford has played better than that , in reality he scored a goal the keeper should of saved near post and scored a penalty which I felt was soft  but he did play well \n\nFred was all over the pitch start to finish, switching play , clever positioning and easily his best game for us
By far Fred\u2019s best game for us. The only time he has actually justified his price tag in all honesty.
Kane
You don't say
i love how one result has convinced you Ole is a tactical genius lol. As if newcastle, crystal palace, sheffield and Aston villa didn\u2019t exist
Actually I've been Ole In since day 1 check my comment history. \n\nThe results are bad because he's missed major players for most of the season, in an already sub-par thin squad. Pogba, Martial, McTominay, Matic, Shaw. It's the fact that people say he shows no style of play and no plan. Which is completely false.
He\u2019s like Robbie from AFTV crosses with Alan Partridge.
Funny like watching a chimp fuck a football.
So mildly entertaining
Yeah it pisses me off, he'll always pass of his opinions as if its popular fan options.
Yea i am sure he must be happy for scotty.. And I think scotty really respects him too
His best performance in a united shirt by a mile
Yes
Really?His mistakes might have reduced but he hasn't been amazing.\n\nLooked a different player today,hence the recognition he deserves
Newcastle just drew with city not long ago tho. I hope they can carry that morale over and at least hold onto a draw.
I feel for the kid honestly. He does all he can for this club and got ridiculed. Getting called Trashbeck, Pace donkey, Trashnaldo and whatnot. The worst was this post -\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/cy6thg/rashford_chance_vs_southampton_blue_line_is_what/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share\n\nIt's clear that he is a confidence player and will build up his patience and increase his maturity with time.
looking back at this post... just lol.
The thing is Rashford often tries to be too flashy with flicks and dribbles etc. If he keeps his head down and focuses on the basics he\u2019ll be so much better!
I'd say they forgot, but how can you forget King David?!
Imagine in form Pogba playing instead of Lingard tonight.\n\nNot that Lingard was bad - he was good actually - but it's nights like tonight that make me hope we aren't that far away from a pretty decent first team.
Yeah he is a big miss. Says a lot that our worst area is central midfield at the moment and we can dominate parts of a tough game like that. Can\u2019t wait to see him back
Even today I think he should\u2019ve done better when Dele scored but he compensated that by working his arse off 90mins long
Yeah, still big holes in his game but he is on the way up for sure. Lot of confidence is helping
Spurs gonna put in a \u00a3100 million bid on Smalling next summer
Yup. Them too, hoping newcastle do well and beat them as well.
That flick roasted 2 defenders. I'm not concerned. Young was serviceable so leave it at that.
Poch signs for PSG.
Black magic fuckery
Fred was one of our best players tonight, absolutely kickass game from him
Fred has been good of late, today\u2019s performance his best so far. He\u2019s becoming a player I want to see on the team sheet rather than one I was fearful of making mistakes. Hopefully can keep it up and improve!
Fred was on fire with McTominay today. What are you on mate?
One decent game? He's hardly KDB is he pal?
100%, if they got every league game on there I\u2019d happily pay a good amount more each month. I doubt the premier league tv rights buying rules would allow it though. They don\u2019t seem to understand that by allowing different broadcasters to have what is essentially a monopoly on different groups of games they\u2019re just punishing the viewers.
Under Poch they completely dominated us in the second half, David played like a god. Today they were nowhere near that level.
Well, you would assume he could improve with training but it's only December so players should still be fit this time of year. Perhaps it's the tempo and intensity of the Premier League that doesn't suit the level of training he had at Lyon before joining Spurs in the summer. Or perhaps Pochettino didn't focus enough on fitness in the summer.
His comfort is simply not at this level of football. \n\nIt harsh, but he showed enough at this point.
Yeah I agree, which is shitty because I really do like him. I had high hopes for him this season and he never seemed to find his footing.
Found the one guy hoping we would lose and sack ole
U strike me as a guy who usually isn\u2019t happy
I dont care.
Of course we do, we lack depth a lot. However, if we were to get a CM and a striker in january, we could then get a right winger and a CAM in the summer, possibly with another CM and we would be quite ok I think. Then we could bring in some other youngsters for depth and we would be sorted. We could easily field a new striker, new right wing and a new cm next year by this time, while having Martial, Greenwood, James and maybe Fred ready to influence the game as subs. I believe this is quite manageable.
We also have to assume that Pogba stays and the current players who are playing well don't drop off next season. I don't want to sound pessimistic but just don't want to raise my expectations in just one game. \nAlthough we have been playing well for some time but dearly missed McTominay last few games.
He was responsible for four chances, including being the reason we scored the first goal.
i thought he was good today, but he did not score or get an assist despite being a CAM which is a reason for the criticism, him being a senior United player and not doing any excepcional plays is also a valid reason for criticism we cannot  accept any less from our players
He just got an assist today btw
the official site of the Premier League doesnt show Lingard with assists
End of the day, for that cam position who do we have? \n\nAndreas lingard mata pogba. \n\nPogba is out till god knows when, mata is non existent. We are left with either andreas or lingard. Andreas is just crap and good thing ole finally decided to drop him, the midfield pairing of Andreas and fred is just pure disaster, fred is way better than he seems even technically and vision. Andreas is just a hardworking horse who can do the park ji sung job of chasing down opponents. \n\nFor me it will be lingard anytime and assist is definitely a job of cam but who can we assist to when we dont even have a proper out and out striker to feed the balls too. Rashy and martial are both wingers who prefer to cut in and take the shot. \n\nWe've lost lukaku who is a pure forward and had no replacements.
I just stated the facts, Lingard had a good game today but he isnt good enough to be our no.1 CAM\n\nEvery time we get a win people will say all the players were world class and any comment claiming otherwise gets downvoted to hell, like seriously who the hell thought Lingard was world class today?\n\nAlso a funny thing about the double pivot in midfield is that BOTH PLAYERS need to put in a shift, otherwise they'll get overrun and look lost on the pitch. Any combination of Fred, McSauce and Pogs will play well (Fred woud look great when playing alongside Pogs because then there would be another player to attempt foward passes, while freds defensive game would shine) because the three ate proper mids (provided they ate fit enough) Matic unfortunately cant seem to achieve the fitness level required to play a double pivot anymore.
Why?
You never know with our luck
it's the side we should all be on
You're right, but I finally want this to be the last time that i get hyped and then instantly disappointed
Well city likes to play high with the ball , so load of space for rash and james, and their defence is somewhat weak. So i dont think we would play shitty football like against villa, but we'll see.
I'm not that hyped against city as I was with this, but of course we're gonna smash them too
He had a shot which was saved well by the keepers feet.
Oh yes it has, for me I saw my boys win convincingly, finished my finals and received a job offer today!
Damn, time to buy a lottery ticket. And if it applies you might as well ask any potential soulmate about that date.
by convincgly you mean a keeper howler and a dodgy pen?
Fred\u2019s defensive style is definitely more high risk high reward. Scrappy trying to get the ball back, it\u2019s a good compliment to Scott\u2019s style
Fred clearly getting regular game time and probably feeling the confidence both in himself and from his manager. \n\nWasn\u2019t that long ago that we were worried whenever he even thought about a pass. I\u2019m really impressed and long may this continue (and improve).
Martiak isn't even listed in the teams squad :(
guess he's not coming back anytime soon
Only if you score 1 goal more than opponent.\n\nWhich we seem to have problem with this season.
We've held Liverpool to draw for the second time, with 2nd string team....I mean.....
Wish they could though
you would think so.\n\nbut we won't, cause it's...\n\n*the Manchester United way*
haha wait until they get Moyes back the day before our game and shithouse a win just in time for the *memes*
I can see that. He definitely seems to be lacking his usual sharpness.
Spurs!!!
bruh you literally had one word to say and you did it wrong
TOTTENHAM
IT WAS
Pogba back soon. Jan buy a decent 10 plus Haaland.
You joke. But it would make it more exciting because standards would be lower. lol
This hit me hard
Sure buddy!\n\nI couldn't write everything to detail. Here is the clip where talks about [Rashford](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1BquuTXZWQ&t=442s).  \nSorry couldn't find the one about Greenwood but it's from Sky as well.
Thanks dude, I tried to but the quotes are a bit too long for a post so there's not really a point. I appreciate you getting that clip and trying to find the one about Greenwood though
His crosses were dreadful
True
Really?, i thought his defending was ok, but his crosses went to the keeper every time
Sounds like a fun game to watch. Guess I have to see the second half highlights now. Thanks!
Base your expectations on reality. Our reality is we are not the big club we were under SAF. Times have changed. And they will change again. Suck it up mate. We were the kings for nearly three decades. Might be another three before we are kings again.
I think everybody would be OK with this if we were not the richest club in the world. There is no reason for us to be struggling for top 4 except years of mismanagement and many feel that the appointment of Ole after a good run for three months is another example of mismanagement. There is literally nothing else in his managerial cv ghat suggests he is ready to lead Manchester united. And comparing him to saf when he took over is just an insult to saf.\n\nOtoh, Ole out posters who ask him to fuck off can fuck off. He can lose all of his matches as a manager and still would remain adored by us.
exactly, dont get this argument when his best results are against the top managers
Husshh, no logic here or someone will come along with how ALL the top teams leave gaps for us to attack despite there being multiple comments yesterday on how Mourinho knows our weakness and will play a low block blah blah
Can't say he hasn't brought it on himself lately. He also was visibly the worst player on the pitch too during that, short stint he was on.
needed his energy when all the players were dead tired, but lmao he couldnt get past vertonghen, a 32 year old FB who have been playing for 80 mins.
I know some of the fans love him but unfortunately I think it's time to admit that he isn't United standard and cut our losses with him. He's had enough time to impress us, and while I think he does have some standout quality (freekicks and longshot?), his overall game isn't all that and he costed us more points than he's earned. Play Garner more? I don't know. :-/
Tottenham
Ole has a much bigger cock, though.
Probably the optimal solution, can't hurt to have another good one though. As decent as he was, can't really stand having Lingard, and then Pereira be the deputies in those positions.
Really hope we can get Eriksen, or at least a player like him.\n\nCould play wide, and cover the #10 if needed.
Tottenham
NUSSINK
BOTTLERS FC
Tottenham
While you might be right, Fred doesn't play this well if it was Perreira alongside him rather than McTominay.
Fred has been pretty consistent for his last 5 or so games with or without McT but he does strike a better partnership with McTominay. They really should considering they've played with each other quite a bit
Williams has outperformed Shaw in like 3 games vs Shaw's whole season. I dont put Shaw back in until he shows more.
Williams will push Shaw but he is not ready. He will give Shaw competition and hopefully push him to the standards the latter reached before his injury.
No he didn\u2019t
We will not get top 3 without transfers though, unless our starting 11 turn to terminators and have practically no injuries for a whole season.
Thats where good recruitment and building squad depth is key. We dont have that now and wont for another 2 seasons probably. Right now its a testing season to see who needs to go, and how much depth can we pull from the academy without loans.
5. Years time. So 11 years after 2013. Yikes.
Took Liverpool 30 years. Man City didn't win it in one season of over haul either.
nah mate, it been plenty of hate on Fred.  just give post match thread a months a go few read.
He will leave, but nor in January, I can see that happen.\n\nBut yes we need a new midfilder, well we need 2 because Matic is leaving 100%\n\nAnd yes, I also don't want to see Andreas but I think that this is not happening either haha
Yet..
A year is enough time to see evidence of this. Ole has shown no sign of being able to implement this in his 10 years of management.
Really? It looks good in hindsight but at the time they were accused of being headless chickens and predictably burning out their squad, they lacked good finishers and generally had a low conversion rate.
That's one point that Stephen Howson brought up on his post-match livestream - whether a team in transition towards greatness may have to go through this kind of inconsistent phase, and drew parallels to Klopp's Liverpool team in its early stages.
Was it though
Yes a lot clearer than whatever Ole has served up at Molde and utd
72:30
[Here is the video](https://streamable.com/20umo)
Purchase shares so you are mitigating how much $ you're giving to the Glazers by putting some back into your own pocket
Draw or loss written all over it
yeah it does lack quality, Past McTominay, Fred and Pogba, we don't have anyone ready.
But the most important position where we lack quality is the 10 position.
Andres at mf was really holding us back. A decent team always has a good mf. Showed today that he should not be playing near the 6 or 8. Attacking mf maybe, but not in the same league has Scotty or fred.
youngsters bring inconsistency. just about turning those draws into wins going forward
youngsters give you inconsistency unfortunately. We need a quality leader in center mid who can shout at the younger lot.
[deleted]
Looking our for our future
Yeah, but the question is why? Every United fan has an opinion, but what's actually going on? My guess is that it's not actually the tactics, but rather the squad quality. We don't have a talisman at the moment, and we need that extra spark to take us to the next level. Pogba is supposed to be that man. In previous generations, it was Cantona, Ronaldo, Rooney...
How does that explain it?
We need a creative midfielder, it is not more complicated than that. If someone can feed those on top, we'd be happy fans. Right now we get a hole in the midfield that is exposed by teams that is going full bus. We need someone to break through, Pogba is a player like that. We need one more tho, and a striker to cover for Martial.
Wanna take a bet on how many we get beat by on Saturday?
We draw or win om Saturday
Yep, totally agree. We also need a talisman. Cantona was that man for Fergie in the early years, and then we had players like Giggs, Ronaldo, Rooney... Right now, we have an injured Pogba, which means Rashford is probably the closest we have, and he's not at the same level as previous talismans.
Today he is. Let's hope for more days like this.
People are Ole hasn't improved players but Rashford, Fred and Scott are improving. James as well I would say
putting so much trust in kids and players low on confidence (thinking of fred and jesse mostly) is always going to come with problems. it doesn't bring instant success like some fans want, but the benefits long term will be great. stick with ole.
Oh absolutely, I love how ole is around the players. He just hasn't been getting desired results.
If only the fickle fans on reddit had any understanding of this
He is an above average man manager, but a poor tactician.
100% not ready to play but we might not have a choice if we want to stay above top 10.
Yes indeed :)
I'll agree. He still has some mistakes in him (just watched the ball for Alli's goal) but other than that Pastor Fred's been dropping sermons recently and I'm all for it
I not arguing that, I'm saying why hasn't fred been nominated. He wasnt in the 3 man shortlist
He hasn't been poor this season lool. Hes been playing well ever since astana at home
Oops your opinion is wrong
And complacency
Yeah to be fair he hasn\u2019t had a fully fit squad for ages. Hopefully our midfield can stay fit and with Pogba back (hopefully soon) we can work from there.
Ahh come on, last few weeks you guys been doing worse. Calling whoever backs Ole are delusional, and some even wanted us to lose today so he will get sacked.
I think being critical is good. Ole has set up poorly against smaller teams but I think there\u2019s something to be said about us missing our 1st team players but also not having a strong mid. When he has mctominay in mid, he sets up with more confidence going forward and our midfield\u2019s starting point is much higher up the field. I remain hopeful that a successful Jan transfer window could be huge for us.
But how can you say that when we\u2019re not even halfway in the season? Of course things were going to be rough when we lose out on our two best midfielders (by far), our main/only striker and our attacking fullback to injuries at the same time.
When we lose, I tend to avoid this sub because of the negativity. I don't need any more of that in my life
I\u2019ll get downvoted but I\u2019m still skeptical about ole and I want Poch let\u2019s see want happens against Man city and Everton at home because they might sack their manager and may see a managerial bounce..
You shouldn't get downvoted for an opinion.
and Poch being our saving grace is based on what, exactly? If he came to us right after his stint at Spurs it would be for the paycheck and little else. He would start changing the roster again, upsetting the ever-growing dynamic in the team and there is even less incentive for the Glazers/Woodward to support him in the market as they know the fans will turn on him quicker than they will with Ole.\n\nffs, just give it time. This was always going to be rough, but Ole is the first of our managers since SAF to actually have the balls to start making serious changing to our roster and who seems to focus more on the long-term effects than the immediate returns.
Well, by that if you mean support till the end of the season I agree.\n\nI dont agree with unconditional support for the next 3 years like some people have been calling for.\n\nThe evidence is extremely lacking that he is a long term manager. I see him more of an extended interim manager.
Yeah? Pray tell what that evidence is? He has a small squad of young players and he\u2019s tying to rebuild ffs. It\u2019s thinking like yours that led to 4 managers in 7 years. No thanks, give Ole a few transfer windows, he\u2019s got the club playing direct football with pace and passing through the middle. Don\u2019t care for Jose Mourinho brand of football even if we win a little trophy here and there. It\u2019s staggering the amount of internet educated football pundits are on this sub.
Let's see how the next 5 games go before we ride that same train again.
Maybe you need to stop riding the Pochettino train?
[deleted]
So make up your mind, is it poor management or poor motivation on the players side that's the issue?
Fuck up, it's pretty obvious from last night that the players are willing to fight for him. Fred is coming through at last. Things are on the up. And we are playing much more positive football than we did under Mourhino, and with a skeleton team of teenagers. What sort of sour bastard gives the manager shite after such a win? Save your negativity for later after we play shite, hopefully it will not be for a while.
Literally only takes one good game for these lot to come out the cracks
Yeh i agree, my point was more so that no one really played badly rather than him playing poorly if you get what i mean.
I agree completely, he's always seemed relatively adventurous to me. I'm genuinely surprised at how important he's become to the team and just how much quality he actually has. Absolute monster this kid.
Yes! Really glad he has walked into the team. And he has the physical attributes to be a beast no unlike pogba but hopefully with a better attitude.
Yeh McT should work on his accuracy. Too many times he\u2019s got the right idea but wrong execution
At least he's got the vision and will to try, execution usually comes with experience.
He barges forward yeah but bar the occasional pass out wide his passing is poor
I hope so mate, I really really do
I\u2019m still Ole in. If people are gunna shit on him constantly, they can also recognise the win we just had without our first 11.
I didn't want anyone to actually finish it! You just gave the man the sack.
Could be worse. Could be liverpool. Sooner or later our performances will hit the bottom line. Then something will be done. Will take years though.
Were you watching United post 93? How many seasons did Fergie need before winning his first league title with them?
No, from '94 onwards. So I was spoiled really with the success didn't know it at the time of course! I'm totally aware of the fact that Fergie needed 4-5 years before he cracked it properly, but it's dangerous to say Ole gets that time because he cares about the long term and that's the kinda time Fergie got so that's the kinda time you typically need. However saying all that,We had a solid 10-12 years to prepare for Fergies retirement and to ensure the right plan to secure continuity and the club blew it. The fact they now have a good strategy with Ole is a refreshing step, finally!
Fair point mate, I think maybe I just didn't think he looked like he fit in as well up there with rashford, greenwo and James but that could be my personal bias coming in to it as well.
For sure. I meant more in general terms. I am just worried that Pog will play along McTom in the two instead of being the attacking link which is where I personally believe he would thrive.
I think the only reason Pog was playing with McT was because nobody else had stepped up. Now that McT and Fred have formed a pretty solid partnership I think Pogba will get the 10 spot. Similar to where he was playing when Ole was Caretaker.
And the whole martial being injured
Lingard false 9 maybe?
Pogo doesn\u2019t play defense
I am, believe me. But it pisses me off seeing people cry when it's not going to plan. It was never going to be a quick fix.\n\nHopefully we have martial and Pogba for city
Found one!
[deleted]
true that
Sure. Just feels a bit excessive. I love when all the negative people are proven wrong on here, but this just kinda feels like karma whoring. I'd love a stat thread or as far as I'm aware, there's already an appreciation thread where stuff like that can be posted.
Just
Spurs!
But they were comfortable today. Spuds never applied any real pressure. United defended easily, and Spurs only chances were half chances and long pot-shots (apart from a moment of brilliance from Alli for the equaliser). United had chances to kill off the game and had the better scoring opportunities (look at the saves Gazzaniga had to make vs de Gea's).
I don't think motivation and professionalism are the problem here. It's mainly that our strike force is not well adapted to breaking down defenses that sit back.
Maturity & mentality I\u2019d say. Which Scott would\u2019ve helped a lot with had he been present
Although he was more or less a passenger in the game, we desperately need a player who CAN be a passenger for an entire game and put away that one opportunity that falls to their feet. He's already shown such an ability for that -- the shot you mentioned was a good example. Almost always makes something of the chances that come his way. Still has a long way to go but the potential is clearly there
He doesn't deserve so much effort.
Could well be, I think that\u2019s the plan is to get him forward. Our through ball success rate is the worst in the league (20%) so it will be nice to see how many more goals we can score with him in the team
Why the fuck are you so damn negative, just fuck off and support the club.
As long as he keeps improving then I guess I have nothing to complain about
Usual shite agendas on this sub, Lingard was really good this game.
Very few mistakes, ran a lot and linked up well with Rashy in attack.
Not their partnerships significance, but McTominays specifically. \n\nI personally think Scott is the bigger loss to the team when he is out than Paul, simply because we lack strength in midfield otherwise.
Oh ok. Yeah, I'd agree that McSauce definitely brings the most balance to our midfield and allows the others to truly shine.
What makes me think Ole will not be able to deliver is that in the vast majority of our matches we have looked like anything but a well-coached side, and haven't shown the progression I'd have liked to have seen by now. We still lack a basic ability to break down lower-tier sides, and there is nothing in Solskjaer's resume that would lead me to believe he will be the man to change that. It is literally just blind faith.\n\nI'm not just going to back anyone because they are a club legend and \"embody the spirit of Man U\" (I have no idea what the fuck that's supposed to even mean if I'm being honest), I'm going to call for us getting the best manager available to us given the context that the club is now in (rebuilding phase with a number of talented young players). There is basically no metric by which Solskjaer outdoes Pochettino hear. He's won more, technically, but a few trophies at youth level and some Norwegian titles impress me far less than a Champions League final and some solid third place finishes with Tottenham, as well as an eighth place finish with Southampton.\n\nI don't give a shit if that makes me \"less of a supporter\"; apologies for the bluntness but in my view it also makes me more rational. With all that said, why DO you think Solskjaer is the man to lead us forward, beyond that he's a club legend and that he plays young players, the latter of which would also qualify Poch?
He has delivered i think.\n\nHe has gotten rid of older highly payed players\nHes been ruthless and has made great sacrifices.\nHe play youth\nHe tried to get the players to play attacking fotball.\n\nWe are riddled with injuries from this new style of play. We have a decent starting 11 with no injuries but no debth at all. That is on Ole, and was a calculated risk. Sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelett.
The penalty area
In meaning inside????
Yup. That's what I'm saying.
Dybala :'(
LCM
Isn't that where he shined in Italy?
He didn't play exactly \\#10 there
We have a very different system though. In our system, the amount of pressing done by the AM is insane. He is the one that stays the furthest forward generally alongside the striker, and presses from the front.\n\nYou put Pogba there, and the whole thing falls apart. He doesn't even tracks his man sometimes, can't expect him to be out there pressing for 90 minutes.
You don\u2019t have to worry about that. He won\u2019t wear the 6 ever again for United.
No I mean it comes off as if everyone is the biggest flip flops, but really it\u2019s just the other side of the argument hiding lol
Its not hiding, it's called enjoying things.
People on this sub generally don\u2019t see the value of seniority in a young, inexperienced roster like ours.
What leadership?
I question most things about Young but I think he's clearly been a good influence in our dressing room and he handles himself professionally on the pitch even if he's past it.
What more do you want from Ole? This was an amazing performance.
The dude is a troll man. Forget him.
Well. Some of the fanbase is kids like you so..
Isn't our manager anymore and its no coincidence a majority of the Ole out brigade are Jose fanboys.
This makes no sense, but continue I guess.
I dont think Kane will come. However a name that Im liking is Timo Werner
He might, Tottenham are shit. Yeh Werners decent and a good age.
Yeh but how often do we get to see that. A bit touch n go. Firstly it was about him being played out of position but now it seems like he\u2019s complacent based on lack of competition.\n\nThis is why we need Haaland. But you lot were crying saying Martial is enough
I don\u2019t know what you are on about, when martial is playing his goals and assists per minutes played is very good. You\u2019re the grass is always greener kind of person it seems.
I rate him above pics right now, but that's maybe because I've only seen him on Instagram the last couple of months :)
This joke is older than lingard.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ahaha you\u2019re half right tbf I was a goalkeeper in my junior days, understand that think I\u2019m just letting my dele hatred get in the way here
I am not so sure that you couldn\u2019t do anything to stop it. Had Fred been goal side between Alli and the goals then Alli May have been able to flick it over but wouldn\u2019t have been able to run through Fred to get on the end of it once it dropped.
I\u2019m sold now (still don\u2019t rate dele tho as excellent as it was)
I still think Fred made a mistake trying to steal the ball rather than getting into a position between Dele and the goal, but other than that Fred had a pretty good game so I can't complain too much...otherwise it was an excellent control and finish from Dele.
He's been here for 1.5 years and has been mediocre for the vast majority of this time. Top players don't need that much time to adjust, it's one of the qualities of a top player. He's not good enough.
First season he hardly played any games. If he keeps improving I think he will be a good player in our squad.
That's pretty much it and we also need a bench option. One of Andreas or Fred should be sold in 2020 summer the next one in January or 2021 summer. The squad needs reshaping. Jimmy and Dylan can be those bench options for a few seasons, or until they prove their worth, but for now we desperately need a first team midfielder.
I prefer to have neither at United starting from next season. They are not good enough. If you people can't see their flaws you should stop looking at our team through rose tinted glasses. Our midfield is shambolic and those 2 are probably the main culprits.
5 years? What are you smoking
If you think sacking ole ( now ) isn't the right choice , then I understand your point . But for god sake , don't compare him with Klopp...
you do realize Klopp barely spent any money in those two years, he spent the money to buy player with player sale..
Liverpool's first three seasons after Klopp took over\n\nIns  \n16-17 Mane, Wijnaldum, Karius, Klavan, Matip  \n17-18 Van Dijk, Salah, Oxlade Chamberlain, Robertson, Solanke  \n18-19 Alisson, Keita, Fabinho, Shaqiri
What, did you forget 80m on a defender, or does that not fit your narative?
[deleted]
Sad little human, you are..
he didn't, go watch it again.
He gave the ball away more times than needed, including the turnover that lead to Spur's goal and that hardly even gets a mention. The reaction would be different if Fred or Pereira did that. McTominay's pass completion was low, 76% in his position is abysmal to be perfectly fair and has been a feature of his game if you look at his low overall passing completion stats this season.\n\n Fred made more accurate forward passes (21 forward passes and an overall 84% pass completion which in itself is standard, nothing special) more recoveries, successful tackles and had one key pass to McT's zero, yet all the plaudits go to McTominay. Fred provided more cover, did more of the heavy lifting defensively as well as more going forward. Fred saved Lindelof at least twice in key moments when Spurs had us on the back foot.\n\n There's no need for all the over top praise for a solid if unspectacular performance from McTominay and it seems people can't even praise Fred without tying McTominay in. Some are saying Roy Keane is back. Our midfield is far from good, its a unit better off the ball than on it with the best moments coming from breaking up play and not actually hurting the opposition or keeping the ball well, its no wonder they thrive in the big games but disappoint mostly against minnows when they have more of the ball but do little to nothing with it.
Cheered so loud I woke my girlfriend up from her nap
How dare she sleep at such a time.  If you can\u2019t bear to watch die to excitement a snack wouldn\u2019t hurt!
Huaaahahuahaha
Rashford: Goal man gets paid.
AWB daily in Carrington: Silde.Tackle. I'm the tackle man, the tackle man gets paid.
HEY HEY HEY
He handled him well.  Although Schmeical was saying that Young should have done better with Ali's goal (Young should of headed it, before he had a chance).
[deleted]
So we should have given Mourinho time because he was a proven manager? Nonsense! Mourinho thinks about himself first.. You've heard Ole say he's developing players for the club not himself, so the club benefits even if he left tomorrow. With Mourinho we're still fixing his mess.\n\nI'm just glad some of the short sighted redditors here are not the ones running the club.
His crossbar shot almost felt like a \"Wait, you're seriously giving me all this space?\" moment before he decided to shoot lmao
>fuck Gazzaniga\n\nAnd fuck Dele Alli. And while we're on the topic, fuck Danny Rose.
So, like Ander Herrera? :(\n\nMan, we could have used him this season with both Pogba, Fred and McTominay all missing time.
Fred Chicken with McSauce
No, he's in the position expected. Young is the one who is out of position there, if anyone. Regardless it was a great individual goal, hard to critique that
Nah. You have to stay goal side of the attacker. That way if he lobs it over you, he has no chance of getting it as you will be between him and the goal. Fred tried to go around Ali to get to the ball which opened up the chance for Ali to go over him.\n\nFor what it\u2019s worth Young was absolutely at fault as well, he got caught out the same way.\n\nIt was absolutely a sublime goal, but it was a defensive mistake as well. Outside of that Fred had a great game.
He can and has I must say. I remember the pass to him was hesitant and he'd started to move away in his head then the ball was released leaving him up shit creek. Wasn't having a go at you just pointing out to others that it wasn't really his fault.
Shaw his rusty. Had a horrible first match in europaleague
And he got some minutes as LM yesterday, need to get dinner match fitness and experience before being trusted to start again. It is a luxury that we have options on LB.
Did you mess up the positions a little there, buddy? Surely you mean he\u2019s better on the left as opposed to on the right like we saw him for the most part last season?
Yes, totally wrong way round. >\u2022<
Talk sports seriously?
Ik lmao
Don\u2019t say Pogba is toxic for wanting to be for ambitious. If I was Pogba I wouldn\u2019t want to play in a rebuild too, also I rather play for one of the greatest midfielders of All time..
Maybe toxic is too strong a word but that \u201cim better than this shit\u201d vibe is no good for the club
If Pogs wants out, the best we can do is continue to play like this which will allow him to play with more ambition and creativity.  If we can sustain this, get some more signings, qualify for CL then maybe he changes his mind after a while.\n\nI dont think there is any chance we sell him in Jan.
Definitely. I hope you are correct my friend. GGMU
who exactly is inexperienced? Apart from Mctominay and Daniel James all of the starting eleven are very experienced players. Rashy has 5 seasons under his belt. He is not a kid anymore
wan bissaka, Mason..\n\nThat's four players out of eleven. I'd say that qualifies as un-experienced
Some did.
Because they didnt score a tapin in '99
> a tapin in '99\n\nRather disrespectful of the club's history to describe Ole's impact as a player like that.  He did a helluva lot more than \"score a tap-in in 99\", even if you think his involvement in that game was ... that meaningless.
This sub will be wild on Saturday bro, I remember after the Liverpool draw everyone was give ole time and he\u2019s turned a corner and than went on a bad streak and oleout started happening.. I\u2019m oleout since time but that\u2019s my opinion...
[deleted]
He does.\n\nHe also has 15 in his last 33.\n\nI can cherry pick stats too.
That\u2019s below 45% win ratio
Football management  is a \"what have you done for me lately \" job, his form between December and February is pretty much irrelevant now that hes won 7 in his last 23. Managers have been sacked for doing more.
Is 15 in 33 good???\n\nFuck me, it\u2019s bad times if you\u2019re \u2018cherry picking\u2019 that gem!
Nice of you to cherry-pick the last 23 to support your arguement. \n\nDoesn't make for a very credible arguement when you resort to distorting things like that.\n\nAnd besides, this season is about so much more than how many points or wins we get. Of course, that's what we all want to see, but this season will be more valuable than any we have ever had for setting up for the next decade. Maybe Ole isn't the right man to lead us for years and years, but he is for the purpose of this season and maybe next.
[deleted]
I never said he was amazing. Hes been putting in constant 7/10 performances since October so he has been good. A player who's been amazing is rashford.
7/10 is very generous...I would say he has been okay,nothing that we should fawn over.Today looked the first time where he was bossing the midfield
I mean no doubt he was poor in that stretch. But we just love to pile up on our youngsters without context.
Yeah our next victim seems like its Tahith Chong now. Sigh.
I don't think that was trying to be flashy. To me, it was trying to do everything all by yourself.
I mean in general, not specific to this play.
>He's hardly KDB is he pal?\n\nI did not say he is on KDB's level but that doesn't mean he hasn't been playing well. Its a team game not an individual game. Fred plays better when he is partnered with Scott and that's a fact.
Anyone of your MF would McT is your best MF and puts in a shift.
While that is a true concern, I think Pogba will stay as long as he sees improvements and I think that Ole already managed to make a good locker room chemistry, which should help. You never know how players will perform in the future, but we have quite a lot of talented players, so somebody should always be able to up their game. I also believe, that Fred will retain his confidence, so will McTominay and I think that James will still be as energetic as he is now. Rashford is constantly improving and Martial plays with experience, I don't really see these players losing their cool completely.
He got an assist.
He had the ball taken off him.
i checked in the prem's official site it doesnt show him with an assist, maybe they havent updated it yet, if thats the case then i am wrong
Maybe just watch the fucking game then. Lol
Downvote for unecessary foulness, i saw the game and it was pretty clear that the tottenham player marking Lingard hit the ball with the back of his foot and that sent it to rash for the first goal
Is Pogba gonna be back by then or no?
I'll give up 1 million dollars to see us annihilate city on the weekend
Hey, I\u2019d take a scrappy win, but wouldn\u2019t mind it if we tore their defenders to shreds. Rashford still needs that hattrick.
Ok so if we do win i will accept that one million dollars.
Throw in a rashford elastico and some city whining and that sounds about right
nah man gotta say those quadruple stepovers and elasticos in the box were nice to watch. I enjoy watching Rashford this season, he\u2019s very confident
I\u2019ll forever love in shame
Who did Pep manager before he took over Barcelona?
We can't use exceptions to prove rules. Also, If you are unproven, then you get a much shorter leash.
Yeah, I want Shaw to start against City and Williams to start against AZ
Everything weve seen from Williams has shown he is ready. Shaw is slower, not as good on the ball and has never been the same player since his injury. Williams is young and still learning, but shows much more promise and has played extremely well. Let Shaw get more match fit in practice, let Williams continue.
The villa match showed just how not ready Williams is. He definitely has potential, but trying to rush young players in isn't what the squad needs right now.
It takes Shaw a while to get to full sharpness that's why he hasn't been starting. Williams still struggles against 1v1's and he is not physically ready
He literally did. Shaw has NEVER been the same since his injury, he shone a bit the other year because we literally had no one else step up in the entire team. Williams has an edge that Shaw lacks.
I don\u2019t want us to be like them
Very easy to look back with confirmation bias
Thanks, that's the attitude fans love and everyone else hate, love it :) Even bullying Alderweireld when he is poking his nose, poor lad.
You dont rate pogba as a 10?
Oh yeah. I do. To me he is the best we have but him constantly staying injured and the Real Madrid links don't help.
>My guess is that it's not actually the tactics, but rather the squad quality.\n\nThat's my opinion. \n\nWe don't have enough quality to play the killer ball, add a touch of spark, unlock defences. Obviously tactics play a part, as does motivational team talks, etc. But parked-bus teams are tricky because you need that extra something to unlock them. I don't think we have the quality. The players try, they know what they should be doing, but they're not quite good enough. Sometimes it just takes one or two key players.\n\nLiverpool weren't winning anything until they got VVD. Just one person can make a huge difference. I actually think we need 2 or 3 though.
>Liverpool weren't winning anything until they got VVD. Just one person can make a huge difference. I actually think we need 2 or 3 though.\n\nBut that example doesn't holds true. Liverpool had similar form against both small and big teams before VVD and Salah came.\n\nSecondly I don't think there is a talisman in this Chelsea team. But they find it in them to consistently defeat poor teams. What we are seeing here at United is very very different where we only win with counter attacking playstyle. But to counter attack you still need good players. You can't get results against top teams by counter attacking consistency if there is no quality in the team.\n\nHowever I think it's not about lacking a talisman, it's about not having a good midfield. When we counter attack, it's easy to bypass the midfield. We have pacy attackers who can hurt the opposition. But under possession, the midfield is the key because they have to set the tempo of the game.\n\nThere is also a lack of coaching which is kinda visible when you see that the players aee unsure what to do under possession. There is always that few seconds delay before the forwards make a run where they look confused and are ball watching. Daniel James is one that is guilty of it a lot. But at least he does makes that run in the end. Martial doesn't makes the run at all, so it's difficult to say if it's the lack of coaching or effort.
I guess that makes Mourinho really shit tactician then
Err... he\u2019s had ... 3 games? Mourinho is one of the best tacticians in the world.
Isn't that the whole point of downvotes? To downvote what you disagree with. Plus you shouldn't take your points too seriously
It's not actually. Downvotes are for low effort shitposts and jokes. The voting system ideally should be something that promotes discussion, not for completely shooting someone down with a different opinion.
Even if your opinion is absurd?
\" The downvote button is not a \"I disagree or don't like your statement button\" \"
I mean my opinion isn\u2019t absurd tbf because beating a spurs team isn\u2019t special at home because they\u2019ve been as shit as us, but a absurd statement would be \u201cOle out\u201d even if we go invincibles or something like that..
[deleted]
We are playing with kids, nobody could get that week in week out with such young players.
Yeah the emergence of Fred adds a new dynamic. My personal opinion is if Fred continues to preform like today and how he has progressed the past couple of months. A midfield of McTom Fred and Pog could be very dangerous.
Definitely. The only silver lining of Pogba\u2019s injury is it forced Fred to step up. And with the kids getting minutes and experience you can tell the pieces are coming together.
What I'm getting at though is that it's all very well committing to those aims if we're starting to see results on the pitch. But, in my view, we aren't really. We're playing well against the top sides but our performances against lower league teams have been shambolic, and there's no real improvement.\n\nI realise that injuries have caused big problems but by now I'd expect us to be performing better than we are. We shouldn't be drawing at home to Villa. We shouldn't be losing at home to Palace. We shouldn't be losing away at Bournemouth. These are all winnable games, and we aren't winning them because our attacking play is still overly reliant on moments of individual quality from players like Rashford as opposed to well worked attacking moves that have been meticulously prepared and drilled in training. When you add to that a defense that is still subject to lapses in concentration and moments of complete disorganisation, and a press that just seems incoherent, I think it's fair to say that we do not have the look of a well-coached side.
>We shouldn't be drawing at home to Villa. We shouldn't be losing at home to Palace. We shouldn't be losing away at Bournemouth.\n\nHey guy, I'm not a united fan (though I did follow them as a kid), I wouldn't call myself an overly great foot ball fan however I do find this Man Utd rebirth really interesting and am following it as it could be good for the sport in an age where most solutions are solve with money and short term fame.\n\nCan I ask, why shouldn't you be drawing or losing these games? As a set of players, I would say that Man Utd are average, maybe just above average and as a 'team', an established and connected collection of individuals, you are below average. \n\nBeing Man Utd, having that great history doesn't mean you should win. If I look at it from a neutral outside perspective, I would say that you are performing in line with the 'team' you have.
Yes he was inside the penalty area when he was fouled
Certainly not based on the photo you provided.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02. If anyone from Tottenham is coming, I think it will be Eriksen tbh
His stats are amazing don\u2019t get me wrong but our system relies on work ethic too. Martial is unreliable at the moment based on his injuries and also the fact that he is inconsistent in his performances. \n\nWe need to have more options than simply rely on him, this shouldn\u2019t be hard to fathom
I don\u2019t believe his performances are inconsistent at all. Every time he plays he creates chances and/or takes them. I believe it is a subjective opinion to say he is unreliable because I don\u2019t see it. The injuries are a cause for concern though.
[deleted]
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [**2019-12-18 22:05:03 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2019-12-18%2022:05:03%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/e666v1/post_match_thread_manchester_utd_2_1_tottenham/f9o5t3o/?context=3)\n\n[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Freddevils%2Fcomments%2Fe666v1%2Fpost_match_thread_manchester_utd_2_1_tottenham%2Ff9o5t3o%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202019-12-18%2022%3A05%3A03%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.\n\n^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20e666v1)\n\n*****\n\n|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|\n|-|-|-|-|
Lol !RemindMe 2 weeks
In our squad yes, as a starter upon whom we depend no.
Matip Free \n\nKlavan \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\n\nKarius Free \n\nWhy didn\u2019t we give lvg time than?
2 free players out of 15. What's your point?
mason is not really a starter when every is fit\n\nAWB has like 2 seasons under his belt but ok, lets put him aswell
I've never been ole in lmao. We should never have hired him in the first place. It was so dumb not wait until the end of last season to make our decision
Even in today\u2019s game when I was watching first 15 minutes were good and than we faded and idek what happened, also spurs were very shot which helped and individual brilliance from Rashford..
No it's not. its 45.45%
Which is 45% if you round it lol
It's not a \"what have you done for me lately\" job at all. Such short-termism will only end with a club sacking managers until they get lucky with one that hits the ground running right away. You would have been inclined to sack SAF in his early period with such an approach.\n\nFor our club, it's a \"what will you do in the future (next 2-5 seasons) for the club\" job. This is what City and Liverpool have adopted. A forward looking outlook to management was integral as to why SAF and the previous board were so so good.\n\nOnly when things get so bad that the future is untenable should managers get the sack. Clearly, this isn't the case with Ole, with so much work having been done to improve just about everything from what he inherited, and so much unrealised potential to come.
I think there should be a fair balance of both and that's why people are justified to be ole out as well as there being justification for being ole in. Opinions innit?
No, but its substantially better that the equally arbitrary 7 in 23.
Both of those stats are awful - the core point doesn\u2019t change which is that Ole has a terrible record as manager, whichever way you cut it
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\n\nOk, thanks for your behind the scenes exclusive Carrington access scoop on Ole's mentality and tactics. I'm guessing you've tried all the tactics on on football manager and it worked much better, making you the de facto opinion on tactics - ahead of the guys currently coaching at the club with decades of playing and managerial experience at the top level.
I dont think its generous at all. It's just about right, if I wanted to be more exact I'd say 6.8/10
I would say 6....\n\nAs I said above that the slips and heavy touches are gone and his ball recovery skills are good but his ability to open up teams and control the midfield aren't still at that level.Remember we paid 50 million for this guy
Yup. He has time. It isn't necessary that everyone from the academy will scale the heights of Pogba and Rashford. Chong might never be as good but as long as he can contribute, it's all good.
Marcus has always shown something though; what has Chong done? I've only really seen him in the first team and nothing has given me any insight.
He\u2019s only 19 and he\u2019s been great in the academy. He has time in his hands. Stepping up from the academy is no easy task. Not everyone succeeds immediately.
Oh yeah I know what you meant. I was saying generally as well. I feel like our academy players feel the weight on their shoulders way more because of our history
That leash you talk about. Is set tight and firm. If I was Woodward / owners of our club. I wouldn't invest heavily now either. It makes no financial sense.
I don't think they understand that big clubs can fail in England. They have this mindset that the club will always remain an economic powerhouse regardless of success. From what I understand, this is the case in American sports. I don't think we have good enough players to contend for titles or good enough scouting to discover hidden gems (or maybe there are too many clubs with good scouting networks so that this approach is not viable). So we could easily end up like AC Milan if we fail to invest when we have money.
Shaw is currently overweight for a Premier League professional footballer. I would start Williams for that reason alone.
The point about Liverpool was that they needed that one player to take them to the next level. I wasn't comparing their tactics or win record with United. They had different problems, i.e. a leaky defence, but they were scoring plenty of goals. Once VVD came in, they started to win a lot more.\n\nIn our case, midfield and defence are really lacking, and if we can make 2 or 3 really great signings, mainly to midfield, we could see an exponentially big difference in our results. Although I agree that a talisman is not an absolute necessity, almost every great side out there has had one at some point. Sure, Barca and Real Madrid are already great sides, but often it's Messi and Ronaldo that make the difference. Same when we had our legends like Best, Cantona, Ronaldo, Rooney, etc. The jury is still out on this Chelsea side.
This is how i know youre full of shit. Name more than 3 games Mourinho's tactics outsmarted a good manager when he was with us? I literally cant.
So I\u2019m full of shit because YOU can\u2019t. That\u2019s hilarious.
But people use it like it is, sadly.
Wasn\u2019t saying your opinion was absurd.
Yea Ik but I was showing an example just messed up wording the sentence
Hey man, I just gotta disagree with you on that. Our midfield is probably not much better than the midfield's of those sides respectively but we have a much better defence, much better goalkeeper and much better attacks than them and thus, especially at home, I feel we should be winning those matches.
Fair enough dude. Appreciate the answer. I'll be following this as I find it very interesting.
Midfield is important though. That why I hope that the next window fills thise gaping gaps. And then it all can turn.
Which isnt below 45 lol
Below 45 can be 44.9 which is 45
Absolutely you're 100% Correct and I agree. \n\nMy gripe is people manipulating stats and cherry picking rather than presenting the entire dataset for transparency.
Yeah well hes been playing with mctominay and Pereira who aren't the best on the ball so it's hard to control a midfield when you're the only good passer in the team. Also more often than not we get outnumbered in midfield since most teams play a midfield 3. I think we'll see a more dominant midfield display from him when pogba returns.
AC Milan are a good comparison apart from turnover. And that the are under UEFA sanctions for spending too much money. Theres no quick fix for Utd. The more who know this, the easier it is to deal with. Sucks I know.
Nice dodge, Mourinho got outdone today and outdone many many times at United too. Him being a master tactician is a meme.
You don\u2019t get a track record like his without having a mastery of tactics. Simple as that. It\u2019s why he\u2019s been hired by the best teams in the world time and time again.\n\nTactics are one part of a successful campaign, he just didn\u2019t have the other elements for us, nor did he have it today.
Made perfect sense to me, just didn\u2019t want you thinking I was putting you down.
You make zero sense
Yes but this is 44.5 its 45.45\n\nKwikMaffs
He used to be a master, he hasnt shown any of it since his last season with Chelsea before coming to us. He got very outdated.
That fucking roar from Old Trafford
Tackle man gets paid.
Cheered so loud I woke my girlfriend up from her nap
Huaaahahuahaha
Rashford: Goal man gets paid.
AWB daily in Carrington: Silde.Tackle. I'm the tackle man, the tackle man gets paid.
HEY HEY HEY
Crystal Palace
Why are you so salty about those people? Let them talk shit, who cares? Hated, adored, never ignored.
I despise them - chat so much shit (an alarming amount as well who claim to be Utd supporters) and it\u2019s always nonsensical kneejerk claims.
Lol literally got downvoted for saying De gea is better than Ter stegen, they are just close minded.
I wouldn\u2019t say he\u2019s better or worse. Ter Stegen is a hell of a keeper
Maldini averaged over 3 tackles per game most of his career I think. \n\nPlus it's Aaron's style. He's either tackling after a recovery run because he's a very attack minded full back, and lots of full backs in that situation just don't get back in time to help out at all (see: aurier today). \n\nOr he's purposely engineering tackling situations by boxing wingers in on the touchline, making them try take him on for pace, a scenario where he excels. He's actually not amazig when a winger cuts inside against him, but he rarely lets that happen. He uses the space on the pitch well and knows how to force scenarios that play into his strengths. Extremely intelligent defender imo.
There has never been a thread involving AWB where that\u2019s been a popular statement. It\u2019s commonly acknowledged it\u2019s a lot different for CBs than fullbacks
You\u2019d be surprised
If our first back to back league wins this season are against spurs and city, it just sums the current team up.
With any luck City will have their way with us and then Everton will do the same and I'll be justified in not getting my hopes up that we're going to put together a good run.
Too bad that's where he took it from in the first place!
Sometimes we have worse injuries in those games, like having Fred as our only available CM. It\u2019s also partly due to smaller teams sitting back in a low block and us being terrible at breaking them down. \n\nBut yes, at this point you do start to wonder if motivation plays a part too..
We have had so many Injuries for me that has been the main problem. Adjusting for so many key players missing is not easy.
Pack it up boys.
Tired
What a ball from Shaw.
It was offside and he knew it.
he deserves one ( i dont know if he's got one?) also, its been a while since our last premier league hat trick
Son was also pretty much invisible
I think Lucas was a close second
Young would have been happy with that. Lucas went missing as well.
That's Mike Smalling to you, u/UnitedFan14
Wouldn\u2019t be in it.
Would be after today!
[deleted]
If we only considered those standards then SAF wouldn't have lasted even 3 years. The reason he was given more time was because the board recognised all the work he was doing behind the scenes.\n\nYou have to look at the bigger picture and not just at the league table, which most fans do.
Shame he was dead at the end. Looked offside for a solid 5 seconds before Shaw passed (though Shaw was offside anyway) and looked completely off on the last. Had a fantastic game and deserved his body to keep going for 5 more min.
Definitely, it seems like he always gets in his head once he has a brace. It almost feels as if he's forcing play too much. \n\nToday, however, it didn't feel that way for once cause he was stagnant towards the final minutes. Despite this, he was amazing all match!
Against City next game \ud83d\ude0f
Yup, good outing from him to especially straight after injury
Also fuck Gazzaniga!
[deleted]
I love a shithouser who can also play really well
Tbh McTominay is my favorite player of ours. I missed him while he was out injured.
Probably because he doesn't have to worry about Pereira loosing the ball every 4 seconds. But I must say - Fred has been strong this season, I really like the progress he's made. I throw Pogba alongside him and McTominay and we really might have a good midfield.
Having Fred play cover for Pereira is awful for both of them.\n\nHaving someone cover for him is definitely going to benefit him.
Yeah he was good too!
Fred Sauce and Big Mac?
Kentucky Fred Chicken with mustard McSauce.
Big Mac with large Freds
And our defence sure tried their best giving Scott a rough comeback, gee. Know Lindelof did the second pass, but can't remember the first. Feel like we've conceded at least 5 goals from that exact same pass in the last year.
Yeah I\u2019ve noticed that too. When he keeps it simple and natural, that\u2019s when he does best imo
Yeah! I don't doubt his vision. Every pass he tries would be amazing if he actually got it to his man... It's his execution that's lacking.
Don\u2019t forget PSG away. Equally good performance.
Why? He was good in the first half too
Didn't like his first half tbh, misplaced a few passes. Thought Scott outhsined him.
Can\u2019t believe he didn\u2019t get carded for that lmao
Any video of this?!
#OurCunt
iCunt
If he takes #16 next year I\u2019m buying that shirt the minute it goes on sale
When Andreas came on I audibly gasped \u201coh no\u201d.
McTominay was good even though he didn't look fully fit and it showed in the second half.
His dribbling is fine
Just happy we can have arguments about who the best player was. Been a while since those happened.
He's at the perfect place physically.\n\nShades of CR7
Lmao what? What else is he supposed to do? That was a brilliant goal, not much a defender planted on the back can do
Get help from Young... Seriously, why is the space you leave open Route 1 to the goal? So fucking poor from a \"veteran\". Can't wait for Shaw to be back full time.
Wrong side of him
It's typical confirmation bias especially for less cognitively abled people.
Really? So it's Ole's fault for being tactically naive when we lose to shit teams, but when we beat teams much better than us it's the players bailing Ole out?
[deleted]
I\u2019m not even saying you\u2019re wrong but there\u2019s nothing you or I can possibly do to prove THAT\u2019s why we played well today, so it\u2019s an entirely moot point
Why? He has only won 4 games in the premier league with a far better team. What makes you think you won't be jumping on the band wagon once again with the rest of the choir boys when poch as well fails to deliver instantly\n\nEdit: 4 games this year
[deleted]
Rashford, Martial, James, Greenwood, Lingard are all fairly quick...
Lol I was thinking about it! The cup is like one of the Sports Direct size cups that I got on sale when the local Shakhar shop closed down.\n\nIt's glorious, but I use it sparingly so the world doesn't experience a drought.
He\u2019s been fantastic for like a month now
Since the first game against Partizan.
He has been let down by a certain midfield partner the past few games. Anyone playing alongside Pereira would look subpar.
God yes. I can't wait to experience the first hint of bitter Jose at the post match conference
One of them was probably me \ud83d\ude02 my voice is fucked, we were singing down the stairs and straight out the doors
Hahaha love it mate, I know that feeling! Old Trafford sounded like it was rocking tonight \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffc
Very true!! Maybe my expectations were naively higher at the start of the season, I loved seeing the fight in us again tonight
The cycle of hope continues once more....
Watching that with my two flatmates who support chelsea was glorious
clearly?
Definitely one of my favorite Messi quotes
It's a copypasta
Well you've got the sauce now, serve that pasta everywhere you go.
This is a classic recipe. Surprised you haven't seen it before
Don;t think that's what cooking but mkay..:D
When Pogba comes back and replace lingard, this midfield trio is looking real good.
MotM for me is both Rashford and Fred.
You think a player of Digne's quality would want to stay for a season in the championship
I imagine they\u2019ll have contract clauses for relegation, so they might not have a choice
Don't rate DCL, and Richarlison is a bit hit and miss imo, not sure about him. \n\nDigne is very proven and a set piece specialist. Honestly would fit into our team like a glove.
Nah not either of those thanks
Hopefully Martial can stay fit for the rest of the season too. Maybe we can discover the cure to alzheimer's while we're at it.
I'll be happy with solidly 5th and reeling in top 4 bit by bit.
Really don't see pogba coming back, i really see him leaving January
I fully agree with you. Even in the Aston Villa 2-2 game you could see improvements compared to earlier this year. We just need a strike who can tap in goals at the back of the goal because with Rashford & Martial it feels like we have two shadows strikers/wingers. Having a pure striker I feel will definitely help us win against the weaker teams.
I think that's one of the weaknesses of a fairly inexperienced coach, less experience in making a weak team play well when they're not up to producing in \"optimal strategy\"
So refreshing to see someone with this perspective!! Hope he gets the time he needs
Indeed.
Elite selling krew
Your flair is my life lmao
Eastern time zone rise up!
Fred played like prime Vidal tonight. Great performance.
Maths - calculus/differential equations.
Sounds shit tbf.
He's the most dangerous when he is on the corner of the box running inward but there have been a few times (especially when Pogba is playing) that he plays down the middle and receives a high ball over the top of the last two defenders and it must make the opponents crap themselves.
Yeah, I remember those ball controls. Amazing.
Don't know whether to laugh or cry at this one.
We remain the only team not to have lost to Liverpool in the PL this year. Looking at the score right now, I don't really see Everton joining us.
https://www.imgur.com/t/pokemon/dZsnW
Ole have more than two trophies
Rashford just needs 8 more goals to beat that bum Lukaku\u2019s highest PL tally for us
The only thing Lukaku can guarantee is his awful first touch and making you want to pull your hair
If it was that dispossession you're taking about I don't think it was his fault. The ball into him was unwarranted and poor.
He can't do no wrong can he?
Me praising McTominay doesn't mean that I'm automatically shitting on Fred. McTominay IS important to our midfield, because the alternative is Pereira. Scott is a leader and is able to shepherd the midfield, which is more important imo. We don't have many leaders as is.
I still get nervous everytime they get into our final third. The midfield and attack deserves more credit than the defense today imo.
I like Kane a lot but I like those two fucking his day up more!
He's just so bad at long balls its mind boggling he's allowed to continue
And I totally understand if it's part of the \"quick attack\" we are trying to implement, especially with someone as fast as Rashford playing on the left wing...but with Young it doesn't lead to anything good. Get it to a midfielder and build something. Or let them make the long pass.
After the game, all I could think about was a midfield of:\n\nPogba\n\nGrealish Mctominay
Dunno about Shaw honestly-
Oh Dalot, I forgot him. Is he injured? Havent seen him in a while.\n\nI am not impressed by Greenwood, but he is 17 and I prefer him playing top with Rashford in a more free position than Rashford top and having to stand Lingard or Perreira...\n\nTuanzebe has been bad as far as I ve seen.\n\nI do not like Pogba. I do not like his attitude, his mentality, his ego, I believe he is toxic influence for the team and Sir Alex would have never accepted this kind of behaviour. He is talented for sure, but he plays for the team once every 2 months, the rest of the time it is mostly for himself, and has the psychology of a 12-year old kid. I think he should be sold and invest the money in a more suitable creative midfielder.\n\nAnd buy Haaland, he is the perfect match for opening up closed defences. With Rashford and James at the wings we would have a killer triplete.
Yes, Dalot got injured at the start of the season, came back and played in the Europa League and got injured against straight away. He's the type of signing we should never have made. He was injured when we bought him even. \n\n19/20 Groin Injury Oct 18, 2019 to now 48 days \n\n19/20 Hip Injury  Aug 4, 2019 to Sep 17, 2019 44 days\n\n18/19 Unknown Injury Oct 17, 2018 to Nov 30, 2018 44 days\n\n 17/18 Meniscal Injury Apr 28, 2018 to Aug 30, 2018 124 days
Then he should start over Young. No more Young please...\n\nWith Williams, McTominay and James we have by far the most handsome team though lol
I think Young was the best option today and I think he should play on Saturday as well. He did have a few mistakes today as well but Williams has not been spotless either. Williams is the future along with Shaw when he is fit but for the high pressure games like this week I still prefer the experience even if it's a liability at times.
Young can only be used as rotation option imo, I think Ole is trying to send a message to Shaw to get his act together, when he started Young today, but that is only speculation. \nLoll i guess you could say that.
>With Williams, McTominay and James we have by far the most handsome team though lol\n\nLindelof? Rashford? Greenwood?
Youn played well yesterday as in many other occasions.
Young at RB is totally different to Young at LB.\n\nYes he is ageing but he is much more consistent on the right. I have no problem Young being used to transition Williams into the first choice RB.
 [Found it](https://twitter.com/UnitedRedscom/status/1202342948324728833)
It's not about inconsistency, the lesser teams parks the bus and this United team doesn't know how to break the defense but the team is really good at counter attacking.
Winks was there, for much longer than he arguably should've been after that challenge on James.
Amen to that!
Wooooo
Toxic Pogba \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
It tru lad thinks he is too good for this team and manager, and i hate to say but understandably so. He\u2019s won the world cup, so he wants to win on the club level right? This rebuild could take more than a couple of seasons to get utd back to being champions (or atleast competing). Apparently he is purposely not coming back, but the sources on this news were like sunsports or some shit, which is iffy, but I think it\u2019s true. I can totally see that asshole agent of his convincing him to pull that shit.\nWhy do you think he clashed with mourinho? They\u2019re both self-servers. He clearly wants out, its too public, no use keeping him just for the advertising deals ffs\n\nSource : https://www.google.com/amp/s/talksport.com/football/634614/paul-pogba-never-play-man-utd-alan-brazil-strong-source/amp/\n\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\n\n\nEdit: dont u dare downvote me you absolute cunts
Yep, a no nonsense, aggressive, big fuck off striker who will always be in the right place at the right time... It will add to our squad depth and give ole options to how we attack...
Would honestly be a dream, he strikes me as the player to break his elbow and keep playing - proper Zlatan Cantona attitude with the class to back himself
Also provides an outlet in the final moments of a game like today. Haaland is a tank when he needs to be\n\nOf course he's so much more as well
They are looking great together.  Thry compliment each other quite nicely.  \n\nCan't wait to have Pogs back we will finally have a proper MF.
Yes, they look great together. I hope Ole continues to work with both of them\n\nI really hope Pogba comes back, but I have a guy feeling that he is leaving :(. I hope I am incorrect
Everyone's entitled to their opinions.  Provided they convey it in a constructive fashion, there's nothing wrong with that.\n\nAnd if one match changed their, or your, minds --- it'd be a bit fickle.  Today was great --- I still want to see this replicated against lesser clubs.
give it time and it will. This is a young inexperienced team, not a well oiled 5yr old machine like the undefeated table toppers
i'd like to know their solution rather than the moaning. \nThis is a young inexperienced team, not a well oiled 5yr old machine like the undefeated table toppers
anyone who can't support a manager through a loss isn't a supporter after all.
What the fuck does that mean? I'm a United fan. Not Ole fan. I'm not supporting the team for Ole. Anyone who is supporting a manager regardless of if he is the best option for the team or not is not a supporter after all.
well, give it time and it will. it took the current league leaders 5 years to achieve their unbeaten status
What lol?\n\nThey made a EL final in Klopp's first few months there, they made top 4 in his first full season there, then they made a CL final and then they had a 97 points league season along with a CL win too. They've only been going upwards with Klopp and our time with Ole absolutely hasn't been like that(yet).
As i recall. We didnt get relegated then.\nI also recall thar the ongoing support made us have a pretty good second game.....
That's kinda the point though, isn't it? Patience, loyalty, actual support as opposed to constantly whining.
Why didn\u2019t we show these ethics under LVG it even Moyes?
Go and support City.
Why?
Maybe I should give blind support to those who post fake stats on an anonymous sports forumn instead.
Does he not have 7 wins in his last 23 pl games?
Godly is very extreme, rashford has played better than that , in reality he scored a goal the keeper should of saved near post and scored a penalty which I felt was soft  but he did play well \n\nFred was all over the pitch start to finish, switching play , clever positioning and easily his best game for us
By far Fred\u2019s best game for us. The only time he has actually justified his price tag in all honesty.
Kane
You don't say
i love how one result has convinced you Ole is a tactical genius lol. As if newcastle, crystal palace, sheffield and Aston villa didn\u2019t exist
Actually I've been Ole In since day 1 check my comment history. \n\nThe results are bad because he's missed major players for most of the season, in an already sub-par thin squad. Pogba, Martial, McTominay, Matic, Shaw. It's the fact that people say he shows no style of play and no plan. Which is completely false.
He\u2019s like Robbie from AFTV crosses with Alan Partridge.
Funny like watching a chimp fuck a football.
So mildly entertaining
Yeah it pisses me off, he'll always pass of his opinions as if its popular fan options.
Yea i am sure he must be happy for scotty.. And I think scotty really respects him too
His best performance in a united shirt by a mile
Yes
Really?His mistakes might have reduced but he hasn't been amazing.\n\nLooked a different player today,hence the recognition he deserves
Newcastle just drew with city not long ago tho. I hope they can carry that morale over and at least hold onto a draw.
I feel for the kid honestly. He does all he can for this club and got ridiculed. Getting called Trashbeck, Pace donkey, Trashnaldo and whatnot. The worst was this post -\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/cy6thg/rashford_chance_vs_southampton_blue_line_is_what/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share\n\nIt's clear that he is a confidence player and will build up his patience and increase his maturity with time.
looking back at this post... just lol.
The thing is Rashford often tries to be too flashy with flicks and dribbles etc. If he keeps his head down and focuses on the basics he\u2019ll be so much better!
I'd say they forgot, but how can you forget King David?!
Imagine in form Pogba playing instead of Lingard tonight.\n\nNot that Lingard was bad - he was good actually - but it's nights like tonight that make me hope we aren't that far away from a pretty decent first team.
Yeah he is a big miss. Says a lot that our worst area is central midfield at the moment and we can dominate parts of a tough game like that. Can\u2019t wait to see him back
Even today I think he should\u2019ve done better when Dele scored but he compensated that by working his arse off 90mins long
Yeah, still big holes in his game but he is on the way up for sure. Lot of confidence is helping
Spurs gonna put in a \u00a3100 million bid on Smalling next summer
Yup. Them too, hoping newcastle do well and beat them as well.
That flick roasted 2 defenders. I'm not concerned. Young was serviceable so leave it at that.
Poch signs for PSG.
Black magic fuckery
Fred was one of our best players tonight, absolutely kickass game from him
Fred has been good of late, today\u2019s performance his best so far. He\u2019s becoming a player I want to see on the team sheet rather than one I was fearful of making mistakes. Hopefully can keep it up and improve!
Fred was on fire with McTominay today. What are you on mate?
One decent game? He's hardly KDB is he pal?
100%, if they got every league game on there I\u2019d happily pay a good amount more each month. I doubt the premier league tv rights buying rules would allow it though. They don\u2019t seem to understand that by allowing different broadcasters to have what is essentially a monopoly on different groups of games they\u2019re just punishing the viewers.
Under Poch they completely dominated us in the second half, David played like a god. Today they were nowhere near that level.
Well, you would assume he could improve with training but it's only December so players should still be fit this time of year. Perhaps it's the tempo and intensity of the Premier League that doesn't suit the level of training he had at Lyon before joining Spurs in the summer. Or perhaps Pochettino didn't focus enough on fitness in the summer.
His comfort is simply not at this level of football. \n\nIt harsh, but he showed enough at this point.
Yeah I agree, which is shitty because I really do like him. I had high hopes for him this season and he never seemed to find his footing.
Found the one guy hoping we would lose and sack ole
U strike me as a guy who usually isn\u2019t happy
I dont care.
Of course we do, we lack depth a lot. However, if we were to get a CM and a striker in january, we could then get a right winger and a CAM in the summer, possibly with another CM and we would be quite ok I think. Then we could bring in some other youngsters for depth and we would be sorted. We could easily field a new striker, new right wing and a new cm next year by this time, while having Martial, Greenwood, James and maybe Fred ready to influence the game as subs. I believe this is quite manageable.
We also have to assume that Pogba stays and the current players who are playing well don't drop off next season. I don't want to sound pessimistic but just don't want to raise my expectations in just one game. \nAlthough we have been playing well for some time but dearly missed McTominay last few games.
He was responsible for four chances, including being the reason we scored the first goal.
i thought he was good today, but he did not score or get an assist despite being a CAM which is a reason for the criticism, him being a senior United player and not doing any excepcional plays is also a valid reason for criticism we cannot  accept any less from our players
He just got an assist today btw
the official site of the Premier League doesnt show Lingard with assists
End of the day, for that cam position who do we have? \n\nAndreas lingard mata pogba. \n\nPogba is out till god knows when, mata is non existent. We are left with either andreas or lingard. Andreas is just crap and good thing ole finally decided to drop him, the midfield pairing of Andreas and fred is just pure disaster, fred is way better than he seems even technically and vision. Andreas is just a hardworking horse who can do the park ji sung job of chasing down opponents. \n\nFor me it will be lingard anytime and assist is definitely a job of cam but who can we assist to when we dont even have a proper out and out striker to feed the balls too. Rashy and martial are both wingers who prefer to cut in and take the shot. \n\nWe've lost lukaku who is a pure forward and had no replacements.
I just stated the facts, Lingard had a good game today but he isnt good enough to be our no.1 CAM\n\nEvery time we get a win people will say all the players were world class and any comment claiming otherwise gets downvoted to hell, like seriously who the hell thought Lingard was world class today?\n\nAlso a funny thing about the double pivot in midfield is that BOTH PLAYERS need to put in a shift, otherwise they'll get overrun and look lost on the pitch. Any combination of Fred, McSauce and Pogs will play well (Fred woud look great when playing alongside Pogs because then there would be another player to attempt foward passes, while freds defensive game would shine) because the three ate proper mids (provided they ate fit enough) Matic unfortunately cant seem to achieve the fitness level required to play a double pivot anymore.
Why?
You never know with our luck
it's the side we should all be on
You're right, but I finally want this to be the last time that i get hyped and then instantly disappointed
Well city likes to play high with the ball , so load of space for rash and james, and their defence is somewhat weak. So i dont think we would play shitty football like against villa, but we'll see.
I'm not that hyped against city as I was with this, but of course we're gonna smash them too
He had a shot which was saved well by the keepers feet.
Oh yes it has, for me I saw my boys win convincingly, finished my finals and received a job offer today!
Damn, time to buy a lottery ticket. And if it applies you might as well ask any potential soulmate about that date.
by convincgly you mean a keeper howler and a dodgy pen?
Fred\u2019s defensive style is definitely more high risk high reward. Scrappy trying to get the ball back, it\u2019s a good compliment to Scott\u2019s style
Fred clearly getting regular game time and probably feeling the confidence both in himself and from his manager. \n\nWasn\u2019t that long ago that we were worried whenever he even thought about a pass. I\u2019m really impressed and long may this continue (and improve).
Martiak isn't even listed in the teams squad :(
guess he's not coming back anytime soon
Only if you score 1 goal more than opponent.\n\nWhich we seem to have problem with this season.
We've held Liverpool to draw for the second time, with 2nd string team....I mean.....
Wish they could though
you would think so.\n\nbut we won't, cause it's...\n\n*the Manchester United way*
haha wait until they get Moyes back the day before our game and shithouse a win just in time for the *memes*
I can see that. He definitely seems to be lacking his usual sharpness.
Spurs!!!
bruh you literally had one word to say and you did it wrong
TOTTENHAM
IT WAS
Pogba back soon. Jan buy a decent 10 plus Haaland.
You joke. But it would make it more exciting because standards would be lower. lol
This hit me hard
Sure buddy!\n\nI couldn't write everything to detail. Here is the clip where talks about [Rashford](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1BquuTXZWQ&t=442s).  \nSorry couldn't find the one about Greenwood but it's from Sky as well.
Thanks dude, I tried to but the quotes are a bit too long for a post so there's not really a point. I appreciate you getting that clip and trying to find the one about Greenwood though
His crosses were dreadful
True
Really?, i thought his defending was ok, but his crosses went to the keeper every time
Sounds like a fun game to watch. Guess I have to see the second half highlights now. Thanks!
Base your expectations on reality. Our reality is we are not the big club we were under SAF. Times have changed. And they will change again. Suck it up mate. We were the kings for nearly three decades. Might be another three before we are kings again.
I think everybody would be OK with this if we were not the richest club in the world. There is no reason for us to be struggling for top 4 except years of mismanagement and many feel that the appointment of Ole after a good run for three months is another example of mismanagement. There is literally nothing else in his managerial cv ghat suggests he is ready to lead Manchester united. And comparing him to saf when he took over is just an insult to saf.\n\nOtoh, Ole out posters who ask him to fuck off can fuck off. He can lose all of his matches as a manager and still would remain adored by us.
exactly, dont get this argument when his best results are against the top managers
Husshh, no logic here or someone will come along with how ALL the top teams leave gaps for us to attack despite there being multiple comments yesterday on how Mourinho knows our weakness and will play a low block blah blah
Can't say he hasn't brought it on himself lately. He also was visibly the worst player on the pitch too during that, short stint he was on.
needed his energy when all the players were dead tired, but lmao he couldnt get past vertonghen, a 32 year old FB who have been playing for 80 mins.
I know some of the fans love him but unfortunately I think it's time to admit that he isn't United standard and cut our losses with him. He's had enough time to impress us, and while I think he does have some standout quality (freekicks and longshot?), his overall game isn't all that and he costed us more points than he's earned. Play Garner more? I don't know. :-/
Tottenham
Ole has a much bigger cock, though.
Probably the optimal solution, can't hurt to have another good one though. As decent as he was, can't really stand having Lingard, and then Pereira be the deputies in those positions.
Really hope we can get Eriksen, or at least a player like him.\n\nCould play wide, and cover the #10 if needed.
Tottenham
NUSSINK
BOTTLERS FC
Tottenham
While you might be right, Fred doesn't play this well if it was Perreira alongside him rather than McTominay.
Fred has been pretty consistent for his last 5 or so games with or without McT but he does strike a better partnership with McTominay. They really should considering they've played with each other quite a bit
Williams has outperformed Shaw in like 3 games vs Shaw's whole season. I dont put Shaw back in until he shows more.
Williams will push Shaw but he is not ready. He will give Shaw competition and hopefully push him to the standards the latter reached before his injury.
No he didn\u2019t
We will not get top 3 without transfers though, unless our starting 11 turn to terminators and have practically no injuries for a whole season.
Thats where good recruitment and building squad depth is key. We dont have that now and wont for another 2 seasons probably. Right now its a testing season to see who needs to go, and how much depth can we pull from the academy without loans.
5. Years time. So 11 years after 2013. Yikes.
Took Liverpool 30 years. Man City didn't win it in one season of over haul either.
nah mate, it been plenty of hate on Fred.  just give post match thread a months a go few read.
He will leave, but nor in January, I can see that happen.\n\nBut yes we need a new midfilder, well we need 2 because Matic is leaving 100%\n\nAnd yes, I also don't want to see Andreas but I think that this is not happening either haha
Yet..
A year is enough time to see evidence of this. Ole has shown no sign of being able to implement this in his 10 years of management.
Really? It looks good in hindsight but at the time they were accused of being headless chickens and predictably burning out their squad, they lacked good finishers and generally had a low conversion rate.
That's one point that Stephen Howson brought up on his post-match livestream - whether a team in transition towards greatness may have to go through this kind of inconsistent phase, and drew parallels to Klopp's Liverpool team in its early stages.
Was it though
Yes a lot clearer than whatever Ole has served up at Molde and utd
72:30
[Here is the video](https://streamable.com/20umo)
Purchase shares so you are mitigating how much $ you're giving to the Glazers by putting some back into your own pocket
Draw or loss written all over it
yeah it does lack quality, Past McTominay, Fred and Pogba, we don't have anyone ready.
But the most important position where we lack quality is the 10 position.
Andres at mf was really holding us back. A decent team always has a good mf. Showed today that he should not be playing near the 6 or 8. Attacking mf maybe, but not in the same league has Scotty or fred.
youngsters bring inconsistency. just about turning those draws into wins going forward
youngsters give you inconsistency unfortunately. We need a quality leader in center mid who can shout at the younger lot.
[deleted]
Looking our for our future
Yeah, but the question is why? Every United fan has an opinion, but what's actually going on? My guess is that it's not actually the tactics, but rather the squad quality. We don't have a talisman at the moment, and we need that extra spark to take us to the next level. Pogba is supposed to be that man. In previous generations, it was Cantona, Ronaldo, Rooney...
How does that explain it?
We need a creative midfielder, it is not more complicated than that. If someone can feed those on top, we'd be happy fans. Right now we get a hole in the midfield that is exposed by teams that is going full bus. We need someone to break through, Pogba is a player like that. We need one more tho, and a striker to cover for Martial.
Wanna take a bet on how many we get beat by on Saturday?
We draw or win om Saturday
Yep, totally agree. We also need a talisman. Cantona was that man for Fergie in the early years, and then we had players like Giggs, Ronaldo, Rooney... Right now, we have an injured Pogba, which means Rashford is probably the closest we have, and he's not at the same level as previous talismans.
Today he is. Let's hope for more days like this.
People are Ole hasn't improved players but Rashford, Fred and Scott are improving. James as well I would say
putting so much trust in kids and players low on confidence (thinking of fred and jesse mostly) is always going to come with problems. it doesn't bring instant success like some fans want, but the benefits long term will be great. stick with ole.
Oh absolutely, I love how ole is around the players. He just hasn't been getting desired results.
If only the fickle fans on reddit had any understanding of this
He is an above average man manager, but a poor tactician.
100% not ready to play but we might not have a choice if we want to stay above top 10.
Yes indeed :)
I'll agree. He still has some mistakes in him (just watched the ball for Alli's goal) but other than that Pastor Fred's been dropping sermons recently and I'm all for it
I not arguing that, I'm saying why hasn't fred been nominated. He wasnt in the 3 man shortlist
He hasn't been poor this season lool. Hes been playing well ever since astana at home
Oops your opinion is wrong
And complacency
Yeah to be fair he hasn\u2019t had a fully fit squad for ages. Hopefully our midfield can stay fit and with Pogba back (hopefully soon) we can work from there.
Ahh come on, last few weeks you guys been doing worse. Calling whoever backs Ole are delusional, and some even wanted us to lose today so he will get sacked.
I think being critical is good. Ole has set up poorly against smaller teams but I think there\u2019s something to be said about us missing our 1st team players but also not having a strong mid. When he has mctominay in mid, he sets up with more confidence going forward and our midfield\u2019s starting point is much higher up the field. I remain hopeful that a successful Jan transfer window could be huge for us.
But how can you say that when we\u2019re not even halfway in the season? Of course things were going to be rough when we lose out on our two best midfielders (by far), our main/only striker and our attacking fullback to injuries at the same time.
When we lose, I tend to avoid this sub because of the negativity. I don't need any more of that in my life
I\u2019ll get downvoted but I\u2019m still skeptical about ole and I want Poch let\u2019s see want happens against Man city and Everton at home because they might sack their manager and may see a managerial bounce..
You shouldn't get downvoted for an opinion.
and Poch being our saving grace is based on what, exactly? If he came to us right after his stint at Spurs it would be for the paycheck and little else. He would start changing the roster again, upsetting the ever-growing dynamic in the team and there is even less incentive for the Glazers/Woodward to support him in the market as they know the fans will turn on him quicker than they will with Ole.\n\nffs, just give it time. This was always going to be rough, but Ole is the first of our managers since SAF to actually have the balls to start making serious changing to our roster and who seems to focus more on the long-term effects than the immediate returns.
Well, by that if you mean support till the end of the season I agree.\n\nI dont agree with unconditional support for the next 3 years like some people have been calling for.\n\nThe evidence is extremely lacking that he is a long term manager. I see him more of an extended interim manager.
Yeah? Pray tell what that evidence is? He has a small squad of young players and he\u2019s tying to rebuild ffs. It\u2019s thinking like yours that led to 4 managers in 7 years. No thanks, give Ole a few transfer windows, he\u2019s got the club playing direct football with pace and passing through the middle. Don\u2019t care for Jose Mourinho brand of football even if we win a little trophy here and there. It\u2019s staggering the amount of internet educated football pundits are on this sub.
Let's see how the next 5 games go before we ride that same train again.
Maybe you need to stop riding the Pochettino train?
[deleted]
So make up your mind, is it poor management or poor motivation on the players side that's the issue?
Fuck up, it's pretty obvious from last night that the players are willing to fight for him. Fred is coming through at last. Things are on the up. And we are playing much more positive football than we did under Mourhino, and with a skeleton team of teenagers. What sort of sour bastard gives the manager shite after such a win? Save your negativity for later after we play shite, hopefully it will not be for a while.
Literally only takes one good game for these lot to come out the cracks
Yeh i agree, my point was more so that no one really played badly rather than him playing poorly if you get what i mean.
I agree completely, he's always seemed relatively adventurous to me. I'm genuinely surprised at how important he's become to the team and just how much quality he actually has. Absolute monster this kid.
Yes! Really glad he has walked into the team. And he has the physical attributes to be a beast no unlike pogba but hopefully with a better attitude.
Yeh McT should work on his accuracy. Too many times he\u2019s got the right idea but wrong execution
At least he's got the vision and will to try, execution usually comes with experience.
He barges forward yeah but bar the occasional pass out wide his passing is poor
I hope so mate, I really really do
I\u2019m still Ole in. If people are gunna shit on him constantly, they can also recognise the win we just had without our first 11.
I didn't want anyone to actually finish it! You just gave the man the sack.
Could be worse. Could be liverpool. Sooner or later our performances will hit the bottom line. Then something will be done. Will take years though.
Were you watching United post 93? How many seasons did Fergie need before winning his first league title with them?
No, from '94 onwards. So I was spoiled really with the success didn't know it at the time of course! I'm totally aware of the fact that Fergie needed 4-5 years before he cracked it properly, but it's dangerous to say Ole gets that time because he cares about the long term and that's the kinda time Fergie got so that's the kinda time you typically need. However saying all that,We had a solid 10-12 years to prepare for Fergies retirement and to ensure the right plan to secure continuity and the club blew it. The fact they now have a good strategy with Ole is a refreshing step, finally!
Fair point mate, I think maybe I just didn't think he looked like he fit in as well up there with rashford, greenwo and James but that could be my personal bias coming in to it as well.
For sure. I meant more in general terms. I am just worried that Pog will play along McTom in the two instead of being the attacking link which is where I personally believe he would thrive.
I think the only reason Pog was playing with McT was because nobody else had stepped up. Now that McT and Fred have formed a pretty solid partnership I think Pogba will get the 10 spot. Similar to where he was playing when Ole was Caretaker.
And the whole martial being injured
Lingard false 9 maybe?
Pogo doesn\u2019t play defense
I am, believe me. But it pisses me off seeing people cry when it's not going to plan. It was never going to be a quick fix.\n\nHopefully we have martial and Pogba for city
Found one!
[deleted]
true that
Sure. Just feels a bit excessive. I love when all the negative people are proven wrong on here, but this just kinda feels like karma whoring. I'd love a stat thread or as far as I'm aware, there's already an appreciation thread where stuff like that can be posted.
Just
Spurs!
But they were comfortable today. Spuds never applied any real pressure. United defended easily, and Spurs only chances were half chances and long pot-shots (apart from a moment of brilliance from Alli for the equaliser). United had chances to kill off the game and had the better scoring opportunities (look at the saves Gazzaniga had to make vs de Gea's).
I don't think motivation and professionalism are the problem here. It's mainly that our strike force is not well adapted to breaking down defenses that sit back.
Maturity & mentality I\u2019d say. Which Scott would\u2019ve helped a lot with had he been present
Although he was more or less a passenger in the game, we desperately need a player who CAN be a passenger for an entire game and put away that one opportunity that falls to their feet. He's already shown such an ability for that -- the shot you mentioned was a good example. Almost always makes something of the chances that come his way. Still has a long way to go but the potential is clearly there
He doesn't deserve so much effort.
Could well be, I think that\u2019s the plan is to get him forward. Our through ball success rate is the worst in the league (20%) so it will be nice to see how many more goals we can score with him in the team
Why the fuck are you so damn negative, just fuck off and support the club.
As long as he keeps improving then I guess I have nothing to complain about
Usual shite agendas on this sub, Lingard was really good this game.
Very few mistakes, ran a lot and linked up well with Rashy in attack.
Not their partnerships significance, but McTominays specifically. \n\nI personally think Scott is the bigger loss to the team when he is out than Paul, simply because we lack strength in midfield otherwise.
Oh ok. Yeah, I'd agree that McSauce definitely brings the most balance to our midfield and allows the others to truly shine.
What makes me think Ole will not be able to deliver is that in the vast majority of our matches we have looked like anything but a well-coached side, and haven't shown the progression I'd have liked to have seen by now. We still lack a basic ability to break down lower-tier sides, and there is nothing in Solskjaer's resume that would lead me to believe he will be the man to change that. It is literally just blind faith.\n\nI'm not just going to back anyone because they are a club legend and \"embody the spirit of Man U\" (I have no idea what the fuck that's supposed to even mean if I'm being honest), I'm going to call for us getting the best manager available to us given the context that the club is now in (rebuilding phase with a number of talented young players). There is basically no metric by which Solskjaer outdoes Pochettino hear. He's won more, technically, but a few trophies at youth level and some Norwegian titles impress me far less than a Champions League final and some solid third place finishes with Tottenham, as well as an eighth place finish with Southampton.\n\nI don't give a shit if that makes me \"less of a supporter\"; apologies for the bluntness but in my view it also makes me more rational. With all that said, why DO you think Solskjaer is the man to lead us forward, beyond that he's a club legend and that he plays young players, the latter of which would also qualify Poch?
He has delivered i think.\n\nHe has gotten rid of older highly payed players\nHes been ruthless and has made great sacrifices.\nHe play youth\nHe tried to get the players to play attacking fotball.\n\nWe are riddled with injuries from this new style of play. We have a decent starting 11 with no injuries but no debth at all. That is on Ole, and was a calculated risk. Sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelett.
The penalty area
In meaning inside????
Yup. That's what I'm saying.
Dybala :'(
LCM
Isn't that where he shined in Italy?
He didn't play exactly \\#10 there
We have a very different system though. In our system, the amount of pressing done by the AM is insane. He is the one that stays the furthest forward generally alongside the striker, and presses from the front.\n\nYou put Pogba there, and the whole thing falls apart. He doesn't even tracks his man sometimes, can't expect him to be out there pressing for 90 minutes.
You don\u2019t have to worry about that. He won\u2019t wear the 6 ever again for United.
No I mean it comes off as if everyone is the biggest flip flops, but really it\u2019s just the other side of the argument hiding lol
Its not hiding, it's called enjoying things.
People on this sub generally don\u2019t see the value of seniority in a young, inexperienced roster like ours.
What leadership?
I question most things about Young but I think he's clearly been a good influence in our dressing room and he handles himself professionally on the pitch even if he's past it.
What more do you want from Ole? This was an amazing performance.
The dude is a troll man. Forget him.
Well. Some of the fanbase is kids like you so..
Isn't our manager anymore and its no coincidence a majority of the Ole out brigade are Jose fanboys.
This makes no sense, but continue I guess.
I dont think Kane will come. However a name that Im liking is Timo Werner
He might, Tottenham are shit. Yeh Werners decent and a good age.
Yeh but how often do we get to see that. A bit touch n go. Firstly it was about him being played out of position but now it seems like he\u2019s complacent based on lack of competition.\n\nThis is why we need Haaland. But you lot were crying saying Martial is enough
I don\u2019t know what you are on about, when martial is playing his goals and assists per minutes played is very good. You\u2019re the grass is always greener kind of person it seems.
I rate him above pics right now, but that's maybe because I've only seen him on Instagram the last couple of months :)
This joke is older than lingard.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ahaha you\u2019re half right tbf I was a goalkeeper in my junior days, understand that think I\u2019m just letting my dele hatred get in the way here
I am not so sure that you couldn\u2019t do anything to stop it. Had Fred been goal side between Alli and the goals then Alli May have been able to flick it over but wouldn\u2019t have been able to run through Fred to get on the end of it once it dropped.
I\u2019m sold now (still don\u2019t rate dele tho as excellent as it was)
I still think Fred made a mistake trying to steal the ball rather than getting into a position between Dele and the goal, but other than that Fred had a pretty good game so I can't complain too much...otherwise it was an excellent control and finish from Dele.
He's been here for 1.5 years and has been mediocre for the vast majority of this time. Top players don't need that much time to adjust, it's one of the qualities of a top player. He's not good enough.
First season he hardly played any games. If he keeps improving I think he will be a good player in our squad.
That's pretty much it and we also need a bench option. One of Andreas or Fred should be sold in 2020 summer the next one in January or 2021 summer. The squad needs reshaping. Jimmy and Dylan can be those bench options for a few seasons, or until they prove their worth, but for now we desperately need a first team midfielder.
I prefer to have neither at United starting from next season. They are not good enough. If you people can't see their flaws you should stop looking at our team through rose tinted glasses. Our midfield is shambolic and those 2 are probably the main culprits.
5 years? What are you smoking
If you think sacking ole ( now ) isn't the right choice , then I understand your point . But for god sake , don't compare him with Klopp...
you do realize Klopp barely spent any money in those two years, he spent the money to buy player with player sale..
Liverpool's first three seasons after Klopp took over\n\nIns  \n16-17 Mane, Wijnaldum, Karius, Klavan, Matip  \n17-18 Van Dijk, Salah, Oxlade Chamberlain, Robertson, Solanke  \n18-19 Alisson, Keita, Fabinho, Shaqiri
What, did you forget 80m on a defender, or does that not fit your narative?
[deleted]
Sad little human, you are..
he didn't, go watch it again.
He gave the ball away more times than needed, including the turnover that lead to Spur's goal and that hardly even gets a mention. The reaction would be different if Fred or Pereira did that. McTominay's pass completion was low, 76% in his position is abysmal to be perfectly fair and has been a feature of his game if you look at his low overall passing completion stats this season.\n\n Fred made more accurate forward passes (21 forward passes and an overall 84% pass completion which in itself is standard, nothing special) more recoveries, successful tackles and had one key pass to McT's zero, yet all the plaudits go to McTominay. Fred provided more cover, did more of the heavy lifting defensively as well as more going forward. Fred saved Lindelof at least twice in key moments when Spurs had us on the back foot.\n\n There's no need for all the over top praise for a solid if unspectacular performance from McTominay and it seems people can't even praise Fred without tying McTominay in. Some are saying Roy Keane is back. Our midfield is far from good, its a unit better off the ball than on it with the best moments coming from breaking up play and not actually hurting the opposition or keeping the ball well, its no wonder they thrive in the big games but disappoint mostly against minnows when they have more of the ball but do little to nothing with it.
How dare she sleep at such a time.  If you can\u2019t bear to watch die to excitement a snack wouldn\u2019t hurt!
He handled him well.  Although Schmeical was saying that Young should have done better with Ali's goal (Young should of headed it, before he had a chance).
[deleted]
So we should have given Mourinho time because he was a proven manager? Nonsense! Mourinho thinks about himself first.. You've heard Ole say he's developing players for the club not himself, so the club benefits even if he left tomorrow. With Mourinho we're still fixing his mess.\n\nI'm just glad some of the short sighted redditors here are not the ones running the club.
His crossbar shot almost felt like a \"Wait, you're seriously giving me all this space?\" moment before he decided to shoot lmao
>fuck Gazzaniga\n\nAnd fuck Dele Alli. And while we're on the topic, fuck Danny Rose.
So, like Ander Herrera? :(\n\nMan, we could have used him this season with both Pogba, Fred and McTominay all missing time.
Fred Chicken with McSauce
No, he's in the position expected. Young is the one who is out of position there, if anyone. Regardless it was a great individual goal, hard to critique that
Nah. You have to stay goal side of the attacker. That way if he lobs it over you, he has no chance of getting it as you will be between him and the goal. Fred tried to go around Ali to get to the ball which opened up the chance for Ali to go over him.\n\nFor what it\u2019s worth Young was absolutely at fault as well, he got caught out the same way.\n\nIt was absolutely a sublime goal, but it was a defensive mistake as well. Outside of that Fred had a great game.
He can and has I must say. I remember the pass to him was hesitant and he'd started to move away in his head then the ball was released leaving him up shit creek. Wasn't having a go at you just pointing out to others that it wasn't really his fault.
Shaw his rusty. Had a horrible first match in europaleague
And he got some minutes as LM yesterday, need to get dinner match fitness and experience before being trusted to start again. It is a luxury that we have options on LB.
Did you mess up the positions a little there, buddy? Surely you mean he\u2019s better on the left as opposed to on the right like we saw him for the most part last season?
Yes, totally wrong way round. >\u2022<
Talk sports seriously?
Ik lmao
Don\u2019t say Pogba is toxic for wanting to be for ambitious. If I was Pogba I wouldn\u2019t want to play in a rebuild too, also I rather play for one of the greatest midfielders of All time..
Maybe toxic is too strong a word but that \u201cim better than this shit\u201d vibe is no good for the club
If Pogs wants out, the best we can do is continue to play like this which will allow him to play with more ambition and creativity.  If we can sustain this, get some more signings, qualify for CL then maybe he changes his mind after a while.\n\nI dont think there is any chance we sell him in Jan.
Definitely. I hope you are correct my friend. GGMU
who exactly is inexperienced? Apart from Mctominay and Daniel James all of the starting eleven are very experienced players. Rashy has 5 seasons under his belt. He is not a kid anymore
wan bissaka, Mason..\n\nThat's four players out of eleven. I'd say that qualifies as un-experienced
Some did.
Because they didnt score a tapin in '99
> a tapin in '99\n\nRather disrespectful of the club's history to describe Ole's impact as a player like that.  He did a helluva lot more than \"score a tap-in in 99\", even if you think his involvement in that game was ... that meaningless.
This sub will be wild on Saturday bro, I remember after the Liverpool draw everyone was give ole time and he\u2019s turned a corner and than went on a bad streak and oleout started happening.. I\u2019m oleout since time but that\u2019s my opinion...
[deleted]
He does.\n\nHe also has 15 in his last 33.\n\nI can cherry pick stats too.
That\u2019s below 45% win ratio
Football management  is a \"what have you done for me lately \" job, his form between December and February is pretty much irrelevant now that hes won 7 in his last 23. Managers have been sacked for doing more.
Is 15 in 33 good???\n\nFuck me, it\u2019s bad times if you\u2019re \u2018cherry picking\u2019 that gem!
Nice of you to cherry-pick the last 23 to support your arguement. \n\nDoesn't make for a very credible arguement when you resort to distorting things like that.\n\nAnd besides, this season is about so much more than how many points or wins we get. Of course, that's what we all want to see, but this season will be more valuable than any we have ever had for setting up for the next decade. Maybe Ole isn't the right man to lead us for years and years, but he is for the purpose of this season and maybe next.
[deleted]
I never said he was amazing. Hes been putting in constant 7/10 performances since October so he has been good. A player who's been amazing is rashford.
7/10 is very generous...I would say he has been okay,nothing that we should fawn over.Today looked the first time where he was bossing the midfield
I mean no doubt he was poor in that stretch. But we just love to pile up on our youngsters without context.
Yeah our next victim seems like its Tahith Chong now. Sigh.
I don't think that was trying to be flashy. To me, it was trying to do everything all by yourself.
I mean in general, not specific to this play.
>He's hardly KDB is he pal?\n\nI did not say he is on KDB's level but that doesn't mean he hasn't been playing well. Its a team game not an individual game. Fred plays better when he is partnered with Scott and that's a fact.
