Still can't believe we didn't run at Kolasinac more after he got a yellow 2 minutes in.
To be fair he should have been sent off twice the fucking prick. His \"defending\" was literally pushing James in the back each time
*to be fair* no one knows how ManU escaped without a single yellow card
In what way is Kolasinac \u2018a fucking prick\u2019? Probably the most upstanding and loyal dude in the PL...
[removed]
Well it's 5 here and I guess I'm not sleeping today
It's either this or they can still watch \"soccer\".
Super easy to get a train back from London at 10pm?
Probably West of you two hours
only thing 2 hrs westb of me is ocean. northwest i guess is...india?
Oh! Are we tanking for Tua?! Or maybe next year for Trevor. Why does no one send me these memos?!
Still option better than Lingard
Add me into that list. I managed to pass a ball forward today.
Fickle, fickle fans. This sub talked so much shit about other fan bases yet you've all turned into what you used to condemn. I've never seen a more delusional fan base. You guys had conspiracy theories about Pogba never playing again and you keep talking shit about your own players. \n\nThis is REALITY and this is your team. Get behind them and hope for a better performance. This isn't a Keane era or Cantona era. This is the social media era and these guys hear about so much hate, so many fickle fans and their hurtful comments. That gets to them and adds to the pressure. \n\nUnited has literally one of the best future prospects in the making. Incredible bunch of youngsters that you lot expect world class performances.
You missed one bro
I'll always say that I'll play just as shit for half the pay
Cmon he\u2019s been struggling with family health problems all year, give the guy a break.
Nah mate he's a CB for Burnley
I think some Sporting fans said that the release clause was just a formality, and the asking price would be lower.  If we approached him, Bruno would do everything to come here as he is desperate to join a PL club.
He's trash this season tbh
This is one thing I was thinking, if they decide not to back Ole in Jan surely they plan to get someone new in. A team with actual aspirations has to look at the team right now and bring in one or two new players
the club should think about long term independent of the manager in charge.
Which is why changing the structure and getting a DoF in is essential. We need to buy players to fit the Club's identity, not players that fit a manager's identity that changes every 2 years.
A lot of awful games but at least in those we had a period of 5-10 minutes where we realised we needed to score. This was 90 minutes of utter cowardice
Arsenal found a good balance against us. A low line and a high press. Put pressure on defenders and front three and didn\u2019t worry about our midfield being able to make anything happen quickly.
People here were saying how hes a good squad option less than a week ago. A guy who can't score or create is considered a good squad option? It's hard to believe really...
This is why I\u2019m so over the fucking \u201cRiGhT pLaYeR iSn\u2019T aVaIlAbIE\u201d nonsense. If we can\u2019t find a single player who can play better than Lingard (So basically anybody who doesn\u2019t make us play worse than us being a man down) then the people in charge of the club and scouting need to fuck off.
Agreed. How is there not one football player on this earth capable of filling lingards position. These scouts are so brain dead. It's like we only go for the most obvious targets. Big fucking deal we went for maguire and wan bissaka - the entire fucking country were after them!
Weigl is off to Benfica in January. That alone should say enough.
Pereira is the better of the 2 shit choices
Nah I'd say Periera should always play until someone new is signed. Pereira actually contributes. He can be a squad player. \n\n\nGreat crosses and above average set pieces too. Even when in bad form, there's still a chance he'll randomly create something.\n\nLingard in bad form genuinely does nothing whatsoever. There's no point of him being on ghe pitch
I always want Periera replaced but never by JLiNgZ
I'm fucking sick of what our club is expecting from young players (and Lingard) tbh.\n\nLingard has serious personal issues affecting his form, Greenwood is in fucking sixth form and alongside Rashford they're expected to completely lead the line for a club as big as United, and are rinsed when they crack under that unbelievable pressure or hit rough patches.\n\nThey have been utterly let down by the club and deserve better. It's a total failure in management at every level.
If lingard is suffering from personal issues. Why is he playing? Why has Ole selected him? Why compound this by playing?
I agree with your point, but the devil's advocate in me says we've put ourselves in this position by only having young players, and older players who are past it (matic, lingard, mata - who I love but is a shell of himself) and are expected to play in key positions...\n\nMctominay and Pogba in for matic and lingard and we win that game. They just offered absolutely nothing on either end and it was so predictable that was going to happen..\n\nPS: lingard, personal issue?
Had 10+ day rest the week we played AZ
I think Maguire is a good defender. He has shown that. He\u2019s just not good in a high line
Not really. According to totally money, which is a site that calculates football inflation, says that Henderson was 43m in today\u2019s money. \n\nAnyways, it doesn\u2019t matter, they bought him for 20m back then and they\u2019ve gotten 8 years out of him already. That\u2019s a brilliant investment
Yeah, he's done well for them. For whatever it's worth, I guess it's one Fergie got wrong. He wrote in his autobiography that they looked at him but thought he had a running style that would lead to injuries. \n\nOn the other hand, I'm not sure that Henderson would really make a difference in this team.
hmm... i struggle to believe that. the best young talents go for over 100m now, when then they wouldnt have gone for more than 40m then. Signings like Kepa, Alisson, Ousmane Dembele, Van Dijk, Maguire, Neymar and Mbappe. They are so outrageous in price that I find it hard to believe.
Havertz is 100m+ as well
I felt Matic was good
Another one of Ole\u2019s mad subs, dunno why he felt the need to take him off when he was playing decent.
Matic was out of position a lot IMO. He had a really poor first half and while he did get better in the second he didn't have a good game to me
Martial was a bit too static at some points I thought. Obviously it's not his role, but when you have 3 very direct attacking players, you have to do some of the dirty work.
Also that ball he gave away to Aubameyang
Surely we can\u2019t get any worse...
I've told myself that since 2014, seem to be proven wrong every year! Luckily football is only a game =)
It literally sums up the decade since it\u2019s the only match we\u2019ve ever played this decade.
I'm gonna upvote you anyway, because it's a new year and I've got a much clearer vision of who I want to be.
wow really
Martial is fine now yet he didn't do jack tonight.
Rewatch the game. He's was by far our best attacking player (as per usual outside of games when Rashford has a highlight reel moment). He's not Messi though, he doesn't carry games alone.
It's just a shame he gets no service so he has to drop deep for the ball and then try take on 5 players to get a shooting chance.
Been that way all season for the most part. As a player that has a connector role though he looks really bad when nobody is helping him out and linking back up with him.
[deleted]
It's not really all on Matic to create chances.  Lingard was offering him nothing, Rashford was sleepwalking from start to finish.  The pace of play from the entire team was lacking today.  Our legs seems to be mired in molasses.  Picking out Matic as the root cause of our failure in attack is absurd.
I agree. Arsenal focused on pressuring Fred and Lingard and let Matic have the ball. We played into their gameplan
I don't think so tbh. He made like two good passes but then slowed it down a lot I felt.
How the fuck was he decent, he slows up play every time he gets the ball and not one single inspirational pass all game. We need better midfielders  we suck not having Mcsauce Or Pog
He was good going forward. Made good passes too. But defensively he's not up to it. He struggles to keep up with the pace of the game. Arsenal were switching play all around him, we missed McTominay today precisely because of his dynamism and ability to sit in front of the back 4 and contest the midfield.
Arsenal were all over Fred. Forced him to make errors. Fair play on arsenal for doing it, took out the only player that could link our attack\n\nEdit: even then i srill think fred had a good game. Just wasnt as effective. Who was terrible was lingard. He looked lost
Fred running around a lot makes him look deceptively decent. His constant poor passing and decision-making leaves us exploited so often.
I think out of possession he\u2019s very sound and will do a good shift defensively but in possession he still leaves a lot to be desired, people will tell you he is okay in possession but those same people have forgotten what it\u2019s like to have a player like Carrick in the midfield who would rarely misplace passes and would always look for the forward ball instead of just playing it backwards or to the side. \n\nOur fans have begun to accept mediocrity and as Fred is slightly above average for his position, people love him. I am a big fan of him as i absolutely love his work rate and really hope he can fill a gap in our midfield, but realistically if we want to start pushing for Champions League football again, he\u2019s a rotation player and that\u2019s that.
Most accurate passer of all our mids today and he touched the ball nearly twice as often as matic... Only xhaka had a better  passing accuracy % than him of the mids on the pitch.. so no he didn't lose the ball frequently. And he gave away fouls in good positions, because that's what midfielders do... They cover their backline, something matic might want to try doing once in a while.\n\n\nEdit: went and looked further. Fred touched the ball most of anyone on the pitch today and had the 2nd best passing accuracy. On 40 more passes, than xhaka... So yeah, you're totally wrong.
No idea why he didn\u2019t start. Both teams legs were fucked up after the festive period and we needed rotation.
OK let's put Pereira and Lingard out of position on the wing and see what happens, oh wait we have they've looked at least just as bad.
They were playing CAM all season long so I'm not sure what you're on about.
Pereira or Gomes
Pereira was probably set aside because of fitness.\nAnd you have to be delusional to think a 18 year old player will have an impact on such a game.
And they\u2019ve all been true
PrOgReSs
Nah Smalling genuinely is good. Even said it while he was here. And posted i wouldn't be shocked if he outperforms Maguire and Lindelof.\n\nBut Lingard and Jones would not look out of place in relegation battling teams.
I dare say they would still play better there than they do here though
Shaw isn't good enough at defending and isnt good enough at attacking. He's bang average at both. We need to replace I reckon. A new LB and Brandon Williams.
We could play diego at LB, wasn't that where he started out?
Luke Shaw is a truly atrocious full back. 15-20 years ago he might have been serviceable but in this day and age he's awful. \n\nHe's terrible defensively, particularly his positional awareness. He's absolutely gutless going forward, constantly passes sideways or backwards and does nothing to help whoever is playing wide right in front of him. He has physical ability but lacks any kind of football IQ and ultimately I've not seen any improvement whatsoever in his entire time at United. If anything he's regressed. \n\nIt might seem harsh because he generally doesn't make glaringly obvious errors or misplace passes, but I truly believe he is holding United back as much as any other player/position in the side. \n\nUnited need to either buy a new left back or thrust Brandon Williams into the side and let him sink or swim. I've seen as much from him (in terms of potential) in the small sample size than I have from Shaw in pretty much his entire United career, including the purple patch before he was injured.
Shaw is just a left footed Valencia
No creative confidence in midfield. Fred worked his ass off for Lingardnto be invisible and Matic to do close to no defensive contributions the whole game. I\u2019d rather have Periera pair with Fred. At least he has energy , moves the bank quickly, and fight in him.
I honestly don\u2019t get what people see in Maguire, he was brought in to be van Dijk (or a Rio if you want) and he is no where near that yet people here stick up for him as if United fans owes him something.\n\nIf he wasn\u2019t British he would be grilleda long time ago. \n\nHe is not the CB leader to get united back to its glory days even though sure he\u2019s a better option than previous seasons.
> If he wasn\u2019t British he would be grilleda long time ago.\n\nTake a look at the thread, people are absolutely laying into him, and my comments defending him are getting downvoted.\n\nI get that he\u2019s maybe not the 80m guy that Van Dijk was, but Van Dijk was the final piece in that Liverpool team that was so good everywhere else. This United team is so bad in midfield that Maguire has to do a lot of their work too, and hold together a defensive line that could probably still use some other signings. \n\n> as if United fans owes him something.\n\nWe have got better in defence with his signing. A lot of that is Maguire\u2019s presence. I\u2019d like to see where we are with a real midfield because our defensive stats are up there with the better teams in the league and we suck at anything other than counter attacking football.\n\nI\u2019m pretty happy with the guy and would say he\u2019s had the impact we signed him for. Lindelof isn\u2019t the perfect partner for him as neither of them  are quick and none of our left back options are particularly brilliant defenders which means Maguire has to cover for them too. \n\nI\u2019d have liked to see him score a few of the fucking chances he\u2019s been getting from corners and free kicks, but for me, he\u2019s taking way too much stick for this particular game.
It's actually too kind.\n\nHis howler for the first goal, sleeping while Lindelof was pushing up, is something you would expect from Phil Jones
For some reason he's obsessed with the attacker and seems to forget about the ball as a result. Seriously infuriating
First goal isn't on him. He's the far post CB, he gets to decide the line. Lindelof **should not** try to move the line or play an offside trap without him.\n\nVictor's move is what opened the space. He doesn't know where Maguire is, he should not be doing that. Add on the Matic and Shaw are mispositioned and it's awful defending all around, but Maguire wasn't the main culprit\n\nEdit: /u/Dunkaegon makes a solid point that maybe one of them was in charge of the line no matter who's near or far post. I still think it's an error by lindelof because if he's in charge of that he gives the other defenders no time to react to his change. If Maguire or anyone else is in charge of the line, then Lindelof broke ranks and is still at fault IMO
It wasn\u2019t really a howler by Maguire. By the time the cross came in the attack was basically dead. If Matic doesn\u2019t come toward the ball and stays in his position it\u2019s a really easy interception.
Ok then, carnivore Chris Smalling
Imagine putting Aldi in the same bracket as Pound Stretcher.\n\nAldi is a fucking gem.
My mistake. I actually meant to say Lidl.
This is the best one lol.\n\nYou win mate!
All Carrick does is breathe with his mouth open and stare at McKenna's doodles.
Are you calling Carrick a mouth breather?
He's so out of his depth it's unbelievable, he's gonna ride it though fot those 7M a year as long as he can.
I comment this once, got downvoted to hell.\n\nNo passion at all.
Arsenal fan browsing through the comments here. Honestly the most and only trouble came in the first 15-20 minutes of the 2nd half. If we were toothless how would you describe United?
apocalyptically shit
Shaw for me was worse for our game than Lingard. He went back EVERY time and didn't once overlap.
Disagree. Williams moves forward, he passes quickly and that creates an attack. Pereira plays one-touch very well and can move the ball fast. Greenwood is a playmaker, his passing and decision making are great so he would help in creating chances whereas Dan James can only really run and cross.
Pathetic. He's proven time and again that he changes games and his passing ability would have made a massive difference.
Spoken like someone who has never seen Pogba play for us.\n\nGo back to reading The S*n.
Lol wrong on both counts. Spoken like someone who recognises that talent is more than just a couple of Hollywood passes and a different haircut every week.
Of the 8 games Pogba has played: \n\nWolves - D\nPalace - L\nSouthampton - D\nRochdale - D\nArsenal - D\nWatford - L\n\nNo Europa games
That was early in the season where the team looked lost and we lost quite a few players through injury. Now the attack has improved abit and Fred + McTominay were starting to find chemistry.\n\nI believe if we are able to play Fred, McTominay and Pogba we would be much better off. But that seems like an eternity away and I'm desperately hoping for us to sign some midfielders.
More
Everyone knew Maguire wasn't worth his price, but it was rationalised through \"we have money and need a centre back badly\". Looks even worse now that his replacement Soyuncu is the second best CB in the league now that Laporte is injured.
But who currently plays to their level when they're dropped into our team?
Yes but this is everywhere.\n\nMy point is that PL players and especially English players are overpriced. Maybe because English fans are desperate for domestic heroes, maybe because of some pride of the clubs to sell their good English player. \n\nAnd it is insane to see ESPECIALLY in defending positions, how in England bulk and physical strength is preferred to actuall footballing skill. You see Real CBs, Juventus CBs, Inter CBs, even physical rough Atletico CBs, they can all play with the ball down and are footballers, not rams. But here there is praise for players like Macguire (I do not say he is bad, he is just not top), prime Smalling and Phil Jones, Gary Cahill etc. Like seriously. At least City is buying the overpriced English defenders who DO have skill with the ball at their feet (Walker, Stones)
His people;*Raiola*\n\nOperation;*transfer*\n\nThat's my hunch. He's doing a Coutinho until the end of January
But for me there are two things that are \"weird\", first of all the injury itself, he seemed to be OK as he said on the last press conference that he was fit, that Pogba might play and then 2 days after not only he is not fit but that he will be our for 1 month, maybe more? It's weird, specially when it's known that Pogba wants to go.\n\nAnd then, it's they way he has said it, saying \"his people\" and not \"our staff\" or something similar. It's like when he recovered from the injury in Miami with \"his staff\" and not in Manchester with \"our staff\". To me it sound like  Ole and the club hasn't decided the way Pogba is dealing with this \"injury\"
It seems to me Pogba wants to go. 2 days ago he was alright, the club said he is in contention and it looks like he decided not to play today since \"his people recommended it\"
Never said Ole out. Managers don\u2019t always get it right/wrong. I\u2019m an Ole supporter.
If we had Pogba and Scott, this is a completely different game. I agree with you. I\u2019m Team Ole.
I think many reasonable people would be very happy with one good midfield signing.
Maybe reasonable but definitely not ambitious.
That's the reality.. but it's not what we NEED!
In the summer must of us hoped for a midfield signing to play with Pogba and Scott. In reality we look forward to a couple of months with Fred, Matic and Andreas/Lingard/Mata. And our board and manager doesn't seem to troubled by that.
I am sure that they are somewhat troubled by it just probably for the wrong reasons and probably not enough.
I would agree that 2 or 3 are essential to steady the team... But 5 decent quality players in specific positions would create competition for the current crop - that's a rebuild! We can't afford steady , we need a shakedown.
3 new starters every winter plus a summer signing plus youth players and we are fine.  We really don't need to buy in squad players ... we have a shit load of them.
Totally agree with this, but more than just stubbornness, I really think it\u2019s incapability. Ole looks like a fish out of water when the games going against us; utterly dismayed, but unable to see or effect any change in our game plan once his plan A has been exposed. His heart\u2019s in the right place, but he\u2019s shown us on countless occasion that he\u2019s just short of that top level coach we actually need with the squad we have. Needs a bit of a self awareness for sure.
[removed]
[removed]
It's been a funny season so far. Only Liverpool are performing well. Half the big 6 Weren't even in the top 6 untill recently where it's starting to look more normal. But nobody seems to take advantage of other teams slip ups
Yep, i can't believe you gave him a new deal after fatgate. He has no desire to be at the top of his game. It's actually embarrassing how far you've let your standards drop since SAF.
or its just that leicester city replaced him well
Both. He wears the armband but he\u2019s as effective as Ashley Young as our captain.
Young is better, genuinely. The way he slows a game down and shit houses, even with little things like telling the ball boys to take their time, plus he\u2019s not afraid to get in the ref\u2019s face. \n\nI think the Maguire captain thing is purely a decision made from a marketing/commercial stand point, record signing, marquee player from England squad etc... let\u2019s try to justify the price by giving him the armband. Makes no sense.
0 goal 0 assist in a year. How could it be a worse? Literally.
0 goals and 0 assists and playing worse.\n\nI typed that answer and you can take it literally.
So people upvote the post above and downvote you where you only added the comment about committing to the reboot.
Will any player be given a luxury that Lingard has? 0 assist and 0 goal in a whole year still get picked for first team games. I don't think any players in any club in the world can have that offer.\n\nI am 100% Angle Gomes will never ever be 0 goals/assist in a year. Why not even close to have a chance?
I can't tell if you are taking the piss out of the guy above you or not
He isn\u2019t getting this wage anywhere else in the world him and Lingard deserve the Sanchez treatment
I really can\u2019t think of what Shaw brings that Williams doesn\u2019t. If you asked me a few months ago, I might\u2019ve said defensively, Luke is better. But after watching Williams play and seeing how he\u2019s adapted, I think he\u2019s probably better than Shaw. He\u2019s got excellent acceleration, makes timely challenges and he\u2019s sharp. Shaw was literally marking nobody on that goal - completely fell asleep and didn\u2019t track his man.
Yeah it was. I'll appreciate it when I get home, but not tonight.
I'm from Australia and finally managed to make it up here. I understand the contempt for the Glazers and Woodward and all that, I do, but I needed to see all this stuff for myself.
That how Ole trains them to shoot, just take the shot, there is video from Molde training. They barely make any  short passes around the box.
Completely agree. If the consistency in performance and pattern of play was clear to see, it\u2019d be a lot easier to swallow these dire performances. But these shocking, passive performances have become more routine matchday after matchday, even with brief reprieves of quick counter attacking football and forcing/capitalising off defensive mistakes. I think we are often less than the sum of our parts in these performances and unable to react to that in-game, and that\u2019s clearly also a coaching/tactical issue - not just personnel. \n\nAnd moreover, I don\u2019t think I even forgave Ole for being happy to go into the season with the midfield we had - notwithstanding all the injuries - so I find it hard to feel much empathy for him. A competent manager surely would\u2019ve moved heaven and earth to bolster our midfield (with options outside those holding a British passport). Because neither our attack or defence can really gel until we figure that out - I don\u2019t accept that this season HAD to be a transition (read: write off) season.
The problem is if we are going for the high press approach, then every player should buy into the idea. Our press was so ineffective last night because there was always an easy pass into the middle because matic wasn't tracking someone. Fred was all over the pitch to compensate the lack of work rate in the midfield. If this carries on every match, am pretty sure he would go down to some form of muscular injury. We missed McT's work rate so much yesterday
I felt like martial was invisible at times and Fred had his moments but overall was too slow on the ball. Dan James was our best player by just sheer passion, I thought he was the only one out there that looked like he wanted to make a difference
Daniel James is an \u201caverage\u201d player. His transition has been good in my opinion.\n\nFred was shite last year, has improved this year.
The current United squad with Pogba in, is worse than Spurs team. He made use of the limited funds, and built his own team over 3 years. His team did worse or as bad as United this year, and he was sacked. \n\nIf your argument is, he built a team with limited funds and did well over a period of time. Why can\u2019t the same be extended towards Ole? He\u2019s had only one transfer window where he\u2019s brought in 3 players who\u2019ve immediately improved the squad. \n\nHe\u2019s also been behind revival of Fred, Rashford and Martial(a player who was going to leave). \n\nI am not saying Ole is the best in the world etc. I would rather give chance to Ole for some more time, than go through the ritual of another manager, another philosophy change.
I'd say utd is slightly worse than spurs but there's still at least 4 utd players that'd walk into their starting line up . \n\n I wouldn't give Ole any more time because I just don't believe he's good enough to turn the team's fortunes around, he's been there for over a year now and the team still has no style of play  and unlike Poch he hasn't proven he can manage a lower tier team in the league and improve their fortunes, Ole's greatest achievement outside of managing utd is getting sacked as Cardiff manager.
It still took a long time after the owners left to get where we are. I think thats a start but so many other issues. \n\nProbably biggest imo Overpaying for players like Pogba and Maguire. \n\nMaguire is poor, Evans is a better CB and he used to play for you. Pogba is lazy, has an attitude he will play for himself first and then the team. He wouldn't get in City or Liverpool as he is just on attitude.
In his defence, Bailly was playing RB against PSG
Yeah fair, my bad.
So many shit players and menories
He had the excuse of coming back from injury in a dysfunctional Mourinho side.
Very possible. Sheffield are a very well organized side and I wouldn't be surprised if we finished below them. We have no consistency.
We definitely won\u2019t with our current board
Agreed. We should be bullish with our transfers though. Should go to Villa and Leicester and make them offers they can\u2019t refuse. At the moment we are so complacent with our transfers. Grealish and Maddison in the centre of the park with a DM behind them would be fun to watch
Villa will not sell Grealish this window. Without him they guarantee their relegation which is worth a whole lot of money
Yeah it feels like when backs are to the wall we get a decent performance. Of course that\u2019s what you\u2019d expect to an extent, but the problem is that you very rarely see anything close to that effort level against a Watford or Palace, and we will just be reactionary instead of proactive unless we go behind. Of course some games like I mentioned the stars will align and we\u2019ll kill a game off by half time, but if we don\u2019t you know we\u2019re in for a long afternoon. \n\nIf we could play to those city/spurs game effort levels every week, or even 90% of it, we\u2019d be in the top 4 by a few points. I feel like you need the right balance of talent and effort/desire to be a top top team. We have a limited talent, and desire only on certain desirable occasions.
I think Romero should get a game - hes been better than De Gea in recent performances.
The players are as much to blame as Ole, there was no desire to win today. The players just looked so lethargic and never got anywhere near their best level
[deleted]
Also true. And we both know very well that none of both are happening
We will not finish Top 4 if we can't sign someone like them in January
He did. Best of the front 3 today.
My worry is not the inconsistency that normal part of rebuild, but I see no plan B, no tactical change to suit the games we are losing, while Arsenal showed that, I understand the manager bump and no they won't dominate, but you can start to see a way of playing and forcing their style of play, not only today but with Chelsea and the match before (they have shitty CBs which costs them) \nI really hope that Ole be successful at the club but after over a year can you tell me what's our plan B other than soaking pressure and hitting on the break? Ok we lack creativity but we don't even  try another style even with shitty players we have.\n\nAnd tbh I don't believe in this right players recruitment statement he keeps talking about, yes it's true in theory and not doing it has bit us back before like with Sanchez, but he wants to tell me there is no midfielders all over Europe that can help us or be bench players to come on we get injured players like now
Wan Bissaka at least tries, he defends well and he actually put in some decent crosses. What did Shaw do?
Does he though? He is so lethargic in his movement, saw him jogging back multiple times while Arsenal were running at us.
AWB is actually crossing the ball in games and trying to improve that area of his game. Shaw doesn't even try, he's a coward going forward
How can you say he is trying to improve that area of his game? Are you at the practice facility or something? These types of excuses for one player is exactly what I am talking about.
No he wasn't tho? Defensively was fine, put ina great cross. The Goal was Shaws fault, he got ripped by Pepe and has no threat going forward.
This is spot on. Just because there are other problems such as the board and squad, that isn\u2019t a reason to keep an incompetent manager.
There's no point changing the manager if theres no change in the top. Nothing will change from the last 7 years.
Hiring a good manager would be solid imo, we haven't done so in around a decade
Torriera would walk into our team.
Mate, they would never have signed without promises of significant purchases.
All 3 of his signings are among our best players of the season. I think we have to give him the chance because our cycle of abandoning projects a few years in is sucking us even further into this pit of despair.
Yeah, he just bought the best English RB in the league and the best English CB in the market. He totally scouted them lol.
[deleted]
The board is.
And I got 100+ downvotes on reddits for saying Lingard is probably one of the worst midfielder in Premier League before the season starts.
Arsenal were really good this time though. They pressed hard and that made us make a lot of silly mistakes. Ozil had tonnes of free space every time he had the ball (I guess a slow Matic was tasked to mark him) and Pepe was having a good run.
Arsenal are a poor side but were extremely well coached*
Damn true
Ohh I meant time off lol. As in off the pitch \ud83d\ude02
I\u2019m Sure he could voluntarily suspend his employment without pay - let\u2019s not get carried away thinking he\u2019s making his siblings dinner every night and running them to after school programs.  He\u2019s fuxking Rich. He hires people. I\u2019m not suggesting his situation doesn\u2019t suck but a lot of other people have the same situation and manage to do their job competently without the millions he has in the bank.  \n\nHe\u2019s just not good enough.  And he\u2019s at his prime.  They need to sell him now or at least send him to a championship team\nFor a year on loan to show him what life is going to be like if he doesn\u2019t get his shit together.  Maybe scoring on easier opponents will give him some Confidence.
I got that. I am saying, that his time at the club is up.
No Arsenal played really well, since Arterta has came in they have been excelent and should of beat chelsea and bournmouth but got unlucky.
They\u2019ve been playing well, but have not had the results. It\u2019s slowly implementing a vision, a real game model. You can see the difference in structure in their pressing and their buildup. They\u2019re already making passing triangles and diamonds that have us looking like a Sunday league side with Solskjaer in charge and Arteta hardly has the players to implement anything close to what he wants. Losses are losses, even if Chelsea was down to two individual mistakes. Just like we lost against Watford.\n\nArteta has shown a lot of good stuff so far and I won\u2019t be surprised if they continue to improve, but either way this is his first ever win as a manager which can\u2019t really be called the form of a \u201cnew manager bounce.\u201d
Janitorial
You need to read things more thoroughly, I never said all of them
Yup. We haven't seen him grow. He hardly contributes. I think he has regressed.
Obviously any English club will have a majority of its youth being English. Doesn't mean our transfer targets have to be exclusively English where we overpay massively for average-good players. We are breaking transfer records on the wrong players.
[removed]
Agree completely. But think back to 10 years ago - if a player was injured you had players to come in with equal enough quality. It's a depth issue within the squad currently that needs to be addressed. We'll see how this month goes.
Oh I'm not arguing against that either. Just saying that McT is a huge loss, especially like you said we're so short.
I still can't believe Lingard is at the club. Arsenal deserved the win and fair play to them, the thing that really pissed me off is seeing him getting more chances.
Exactly. If ur going to spend 80mil on fuckin Maguire u might aswell go for Koulibaly who's the worlds best. There were guys like Ruben Dias who is cheaper, younger, and arguably better than Maguire aswell.
Or even some of the nasty fuckers in the Serie A. The type that will not let a striker get past, the type who will put the fear of god into a striker. I watch a bit of the Serie A and trust me, there are some dangerous centre-backs in that league.
koulibaly would've cost like 120m though, which is maybe a bit much considering hes also a bit older and from a different league where defenders from that league tend to struggle in the prem.
The way they play with average Full backs shows their gonna become good...
Aubameyang is fantastic with the ball at his feet and links up seamlessly with his teammates. Rashford is *good* with the ball at his feet, but his decision making is shocking at times.  \n\nA knee jerk reaction would be saying Ole needs to go. Asking for an improvement in personnel that\u2019s been obvious for the last few years is common sense and nothing more.
Thank you for the first reasonable comment I\u2019ve seen. We started this season with a paper thin squad. How is that Ole\u2019s fault.
We genuinely don't have creativity though, that's not a knee jerk claim. You need it from the fullbacks or the middle these days and we have neither when Pogba is out. Much work to be done in the market, nothing left to take from the academy.
\u201cOne poor result\u201d
He said he was going to push out the deadweight but we lost actual useful players and have kept the real deadweight and in some cases offered them new contracts. Pogba leaving will be the nail in the coffin. All the people talking about trusting Ole because of his business in the summer have some explaining to do. None of our signings have been great. Maguire has massively underperformed and the other 2 have been decent but not good enough for the club we want to be. The standards are in the gutter right now. Ole is getting away with murder.
Yeah man I agree. I want Ole to work out here but I'm not seeing anything that points toward that happening. Our signings have been good but you really have to look at them individually and who they replaced to realise that the reality is they replaced very underwhelming players, of course they're going to look much better than they are. Maguire and Lindelof are literally never in sync, AWB is a beast individually for sure but as a defensive unit we're actually terrible. What's worse is that we aren't any good in attack either, so what exactly are we good at? Counterattacking sometimes? We were doing that before Ole. I know the players are behind him and I'm sure that's better than the toxic situation we had with Mourinho but that doesn't mean it's the ideal situation either. Best we move on because once we lose Pogba, we've got a championship midfield. I'm not blaming this all on Ole either, the entire coaching stuff & recruitment in general has been an absolute joke for years before Ole ever came, but he still isn't the solution is all I'm saying. Tactically he got eaten alive today by a guy who was putting out training cones for Pep a month ago, that's awful. We made Luiz look like Maldini somehow. Pepe, who I personally rate btw, has not hit the ground running at all but still almost had a brace in 15 mins against us.
People vastly underestimate this fact. It's a big deal. No one established is going to coem play for Ole. We have to get lucky with people who want to break through
I completely agree with you on both points however at this point I'm also wondering how much the wankers in the board want to spend money on transfers, this is such a fucking mess
Good for you
Bruv the only reason Poch isn\u2019t coming right now is we would have to pay him 15m and ole I think 12m which is 27m...
Yes but apparently poch is holding off till summr due to a clause in his contract with tottenham about the compensation fee for the sacking. If he takes a job before the end of the season he doesnt get any of the money.
Id take young over him rn. Forgive me lord
[removed]
[removed]
Wait till we play Wolves..
10 wins in 31 mate
So? 5th is 5th.
I blame the manager a lot and am subsequently downvoted into oblivion.\n\nPeople believe some fairy tale here, Ole is not the answer. Maybe as a DoF but not as a manager. He does not have the pedigree or credentials to manage United.\n\nAs for the owners - it's a problem but come on. This United team under a good manager is not dropping points bottom half teams.
Ed Woodward, Matt Judge and the owners + board are by far the biggest problem at Man United. Surely the last managerial change from Jose to Ole has made this crystal clear that this is hardly to do with the manager anymore. Its hard to do a good job as manager when you have both arms tied behind your back so to speak.
I blame both
Just wait till the end of the season before we make any changes to the manager. Clean slate, proper window to get players, no immediate pressure for results. If we win some silverware under Ole, then re-evaluate. No point getting a new coach with an injury hit squad and lack of quality/depth right now.
Facts I think this is the best thing, let other crops of manager like naglesmann and ten Haag also be open to negotiations and see how we do this season...
I think this is fair. Surely it\u2019s beyond doubt that if we miss top 4 / trophies then Ole is gone?\n\nPersonally I think he should have been sacked months ago but here we are. We might as well see out the season.
Yeah we could buy a LB. But if we think Williams can reach top level, we should give him the starting spot and save some money.\n\nOle is easing him in and I get that, but he seems ready for regular game time.
Feel like we're putting too much pressure on the young lad. He's not Greenwood and never was thought to be in the youth teams growing up.
I would cry if we signed anybody, let alone Bruno Fernandes.
Our time to sign him was sadly last summer. Just give me a midfielder who is creative for the love of God.
$$$$$$$$$$$$
To be fair though we didn't play on the counter against Newcastle, and it didn't sound like we did against Burnley either.\n\nWith the Newcastle game I was somewhat sceptical because Newcastle are, to be frank, fucking awful. However, Burnley are a pretty solid defensive outfit so it seems that Ole does have it in him to break down a good solid defensive structure.
How many of our goals against them was because of an individual mistake? Like I'm not saying we did nothing to proke the mistakes but I remember at least 2 goals agianst Newcastle and 1 goal against Burnley
First goal against Burnley that you guys scored was them handing it over on a plate, and the second goal was when Burnley went mad trying to get a goal so it was a cakewalk.\n\nUnited were really struggling to breakdown Burnley besides all that.\n\nAs for Newcastle, when they scored first, they kept attacking instead of sitting back which is what anyone with one brain cell would do against United especially a goal up, plus 3 out of their 4 goals were given on a plate.
Nothing wrong with matic or fred. However they both occupy the same area of midfield and they're not really suited together.
Agree apart from Fred's freekick. All you can do is laugh and move onto next game. Wouldnt have gave the win so didnt ruin his performance
I really liked the thread, could sense the bitterness that made me feel like someone understands my pain :')
Yea well Woodward is a fucking muppet
Your too kind.
Offer them fuck tons of money then!!! I don't want the fucking longstaff brothers over here and for ole just fuckoff please please fuckoff
This idea was heavily ciritized when Ole was doing his thing.. sign players who want to play for the club lol...
>People talking about tactical naivety need to realise that we don't have players with different skillsets to actually impact the game and play it in a different way. \n\nI think Luke Shaw at LB was a mistake. Williams was man of the match against Burnley, which should merit another start because you have to reward form. \n\nWilliams is much more agile than Shaw, who everybody knows hates playing against tricky wingers because he often gets turned inside out, so maybe Williams would have been a better fit to get up in Pepe's grill and give him a good battle. As it was, Shaw appeared scared to get tight to Pepe, wouldn't attack down the left for fear of leaving a gap and let Pepe get comfortable in the game which ultimately meant Arsenal's whole front three posed a threat.
I didn\u2019t say Matic shouldn\u2019t have started I said he should\u2019ve been given protection with another runner in midfield that can actually tackle and not Lingard. Pereira would\u2019ve worked better than Lingard but maybe he was tired we can only speculate. In any case I said the main problem is personnel and we need a bigger squad I just don\u2019t think Ole is completely faultless for team selection and tactics.
Periera played 2 games in 3 days before this one. And given Lingards performances against the 'big' teams of spurs and city i can understand putting him back in for this game. \n\nThe fact he played like shit just shows hes not good enough.
As Arsenal have shown tonight, good tactics can make a player play drastically better. We invited them on, they played expressive football while we cowered at the back. I think you're massively underestimating the importance of tactics tbh
I think you\u2019re massive over estimating it. You have to turn up and battle and outwork your opponent and then you can play football. We didn\u2019t do that. Arsenals tactics looked great because they had the freedom of London to do whatever the hell they wanted without a single united player bothering to work hard and take away space.
the coach is constantly talking about how he has the say on transfers and we only do deals if they are what he wants, whether that is accurate or not he has said it multiple times so he has to accept the responsibility on that one.
He has a say in that they have teams of scouts and analysts in different locations looking for specifically identified player profiles. \n\nThey\u2019ll put together a pack on a player and present it. Ole will take me input from other coaches and give a yes or no. \n\nWhether the deal gets done with the other club and contract is agreed with a player is a different matter.
If you want to debate and discuss the game, I'm more than happy to. But if you can't do it without randomly filling a rant with personal insults then I won't be engaging
Tbh, that has more to do with how shit Spurs and Arsenal have been and mostly not down to how good/bad we've been.
We had 1 shot in the entire half and it was Rashford after about 30 seconds from like 35 yards. After that, we sat back and let them attack with no real attempts to counter. I'm shocked that I need to explain that.
Ok, so no explanation whastoever about our setup. Just that we failed to create chances. Thanks.
5 points behind 4th, 13th points behind man city in third with teams like wolves and arsenal sniffing behind us, that 5th place isn't going to stay 5th for much longer. \n\nTeams like watford showed ambition and it got them rewards, we show no interest, guess what we got today
But in the last few seasons our spend has slowed down and we seem to be conscious of net spend eg: we bought Maguire but then recouped that with the Lukaku money, we\u2019ve neglected key areas of our team for years and not adequately replaced the players we\u2019ve let go whatever you think of Rom and Herrera they needed replacing and we didn\u2019t. \n\nI\u2019m not saying we haven\u2019t wasted money in the past but that\u2019s down to poor structure: changing managers regularly with different s styles and specific demands of players, Ed getting blindsided by star names, no dof to give an overall plan so our squad is an amalgamation of multiple mangers players who don\u2019t fit well together to make a coherent squad.
Hitting teams on the break is still a style of play but as I said, is limited. I'm willing to bet people would not complain as much if the playstyle remained the same but we had pogba over matic and a better attacking midfielder to get through low blocks.
having one tactic is not good enough for manchester united, it's downright pathetic.
I'd immediately say a creative attacking midfielder and Pogba replacement now that it unfortunately looks like he is going to go. I'm not saying Ole isn't part of why we lost today. The starting lineup should have been better and he doesn't seem like he can adapt to opposing teams changes. But the fact remains, if we had better players, the score would definitely be different.
Because knowing Ed and the board, whatever Ole and the media spews out seems to always be more optimistic than reality
Yeah but when did they know that Pogba wasn't going to play?
From Oles reaction, later than we would have wanted.
I agree Fred played well today. But our attack today was very bad. We need a creative CAM to create chances for our 3 forwards. Also, Fred cannot play every game or he will be gassed out especially the number of games this January. We need someone to cover for him from time to time. How I wish Pogba or Scot comes back soon!
Completely agree. You convince a player to sign by giving them game time and show they are a key part of the squad. If i was Angel sure as hell wouldn\u2019t go on Ole\u2019s word which at this point means sweet fuck all as he\u2019ll probably be fired.
Any midfield including an ancient matic and lingard doesn\u2019t stand a chance
'With these downgrades, we never stood a chance'
Not true
the shareholders are 95% glazers i thought
Possibly being cautious due to the fact he had shit beside him and behind him. Honestly think he played well today, as well as he could have anyways. Martial was fine also and James did nothing wrong on the ball. Lingard was non existent to the point that even pereira looked good when he came on and he did nothing special but at least he got involved. Maguire also deserves a mention for a particularly poor game.
dunno why james got taken off, shouldve been matic off, lingard cm, either greenwood or periera on for him.. greenwood is too slow on the counter tho i feel, he doesnt transition quick and always chooses the side pass, expected from an 18 year old tho
Matic had a fine game, disrespectful to just say he had shit behind him.
Thank you, I don't get how people aren't seeing this about Fred. He looked shaky the entire game, can't handle the press.
to be frank he was almost playing in a one man midfield. matic didnt do too horrible but lingard.. genuinely dont realize hes playing at times
Wouldn\u2019t surprise me but it would be a disaster if we don\u2019t get at least one top quality midfielder. Can\u2019t rely on match and for pogba is biding his time before he can leave so he can\u2019t be relied on either. McSauce gives us great aggression and Fred has improved massively but one injury leaves us with a slow Matic and it\u2019s just awful
I feel your pain, there was so much need of signing atleast one decent midfielder before we started this season and it's hurting us and will keep on hurting us more in upcoming fixtures, at this rate forget any kind of trophy mates i am not sure if we can even get europa league qualifications next year.
Sorry I didn\u2019t mean for it to come off that way, of course Ed has been fucking every manager without a shred of accountability. \n\nThe point I was trying to make was that the cycle will repeat itself and I believe that the hierarchy already have the excuse locked and loaded.\n\nOle needs help but I fear he won\u2019t get it and without help he\u2019s left short-handed in terms of getting to where he needs to be
Their intensity and tempo was much better, we were always a couple steps late chasing the ball around like lost dogs. They didn\u2019t create many clear cut chances outside of their two goals though. We made them look much better than they were due to our lack of urgency and effort.
That second goal was on De Gea
Alisson parrys that to safety
Same here i didnt even know he got cardiff relegated
The final card in his hand is James Garner and/or Dylan Levitt; that is as far as he can dig up for help unless we sign someone anyhow in January. If it has to take for any of those 2 kids as much time as it took McTominay to become a solid midfielder, then so be it. Regardless, this is no longer the time to waste precious minutes on any washed up player who has no future whatsoever at the club.
Andrea's has big highs and big lows, whereas Lingard is a consistent zero.
My biggest beef is that we have not tried playing Angel Gomes a little bit more to see what he is made of. The same could be said about Garner and Levitt in front of Matic. To be very blunt, I think Ole has shown what kind of coward he is by refusing to put his money where his mouth is. All that talk of a rebuild is bullshit if kids are not at the heart of that equation.\n\nRoy Keane can be one crazy mofo, but he would put his money where his mouth is as a person. I'm not interested in having a politician being our manager.
Give me a break. He\u2019s got the youngest team in the league. Part of building up the kids is doing it right. Throwing them in the deep end does not work. Look at who has come through and how good they are. This was never a one year project.
Especially right after Williams earned a MOTM performance. Nothing made sense about inserting Shaw at all, especially when putting a decent amount of pressure on that Arsenal backline is often enough to make their house of cards crumble.
Exactly...not just hating on Shaw, the fact Williams has been so consistently better is the key...with that said, I would have had young over Shaw too. I can\u2019t watch another pull back get tucked in while Shaw stands in the 6 yard box defending nothing.
Limiting Brandon\u2019s minutes is fine. Our midfield service is abhorrent. We need Pogba back or need to let him go and get replacements ASAP. Ed/The Board/Ole not replacing Herrera and Fellaini has been a failure. We got three players we needed this past summer, but we needed at least three more players. I think the glazers are limiting what we can spend, which is why this is a \u201cslow\u201d rebuild.
And the biggest problem for me is that this is not something new and this is not the last time that happens. Lingard and shaw have played a lot of games, like if right now if in two weeks we have the final of the EL, they would play. That's why he didn't bring our Shaw and why he waited 55 minutes to bring Lingard out
I'm sure Williams will get more of a look-in after his fantastic Burnley performance and Shaw's awful performance today, but we have to remember that it is William's debut season. I can understand him being left out today, but it's a tough situation now- because Ole would have to throw him into the deep end with Wolves and City up next. Yikes.\n\nLingard, yeah he really shouldn't be starting but we need more options. Mata is not good enough to start- so that's just Andreas and Lingard left. Ole might've been looking at the schedule coming up which is incredibly, incredibly tough. If Andreas was 100% fit and not tired then he should've started though for sure.\n\nShould've made the changes at half-time, one of the things I liked about Mourinho is that he wasn't afraid to do that. Make a sub at 20 mins, I even remember him using all the subs before the second half even started.
I doubt Mctominay is leaving anytime soon
Mctominay sure does bang in goals doesnt he. Apart from Pogouttahere, Rashford is the only saving grace. If you think a player like Mctominay makes a City/Liverpool squad then fucking hell you are worse than Ole.
I'm still not sure mourinho was completely wrong but there is probably a happy middle - I cant take the Moyes-esque smirk as the club crumbles around him
I mean we had both our starting CBs and AWB missing clear and obvious tackles left and right. \n\nI'm not saying he's the best in the world but Maguire tripping over his shoelaces left and right isn't oles fault
Maguire was Ole's biggest signing and has been underwhelming this season.\n\nI swear to god some of you must be rival trolls the way you defend mediocrity.
I read that 4 times and still can't decipher your point\n\nMaybe try learning English, then football?
Bruh we don\u2019t get coached properly*
For the record, I'd have loved to see Jones, Rojo, Gomes,and Gardner get the start
Yh I agree. The players looked too comfortable whilst Arsenal looked like they had something to prove. We were never gonna win.
Thats PR talk. Ole didn't even know the full extent of this so called \"injury.\"
What\u2019s wrong with blaming it on a player who we needed to be threading balls through to the front 3 making the runs and receiving no supply?\n\nA player who was supposed to be here tonight, that was in Ole\u2019s plans for tonight, but picked up this mysterious injury the same week we pissed off his agent and who thinks this club would ruin Pele?\n\nIt\u2019s toxic shit man, it can\u2019t go on. People said the same about Mourinho but can\u2019t bring themselves to see it in Pogba. There\u2019s a fuckload of smoke if there is no fire. Something isn\u2019t right - he was due to travel and he didn\u2019t and that shit can\u2019t be good for the team. \n\nOf course the team we had weren\u2019t up to it, but when we needed him with Scott out, he let us down.
Thanks for your well thought out reply but we obviously have some disagreement.\n\nThere's no way to know for sure atm if Pogba is really injured or not. But let's say he wants out and refused to play. Fine. That doesn't excuse the performances of the players that did play or the tactics that we employed. If you want to be angry with Pogba or feel he's toxic that's ok. But the problems run far far deeper than him not playing. One player does not fix what we witnessed today. My comment was obviously sarcastic but the point is that the team that played, the manager and the board are far worthier targets of your anger and blame tonight.\n\nOn another note its worrying how many good or high potential players come here and end up underperforming, being labelled as toxic and then leaving. Even if you hate Raiola, what he said about Man Utd being focused on money and ruining players is probably a viewpoint held by a lot of players right now. We are becoming a less attractive proposition for players every season. Needs to be sorted out quick.
Totally agree, Aresenal have their new manager bounce like we did, we can start singing Artetas praises if he keeps this up a whole season...
Nah your comment makes too much sense. It doesn't suit the narrative.
I totally agree that it\u2019s way too early to comment on Arsenal, but to be fair Ole\u2019s \u2018bounce\u2019 was all about results, goals and Pogba. We actually do have some very good attacking players and with the Mou shackles lifted, they had a new lease of life and the momentum carried us through games that in hindsight and in terms of xG, we were lucky to win. It looked unsustainable and one-dimensional from Day 1 then but I was as happy to ride the high as anyone else. Arteta on the other hand, has only had 1 win, yet every person who\u2019s watched those 3 matches (without bias) can definitely say that he has a style of play,  clear attacking intent and already has them creating  patterns of play when they\u2019re in and out of possession. Not really relying on individuals - the opposite - and already seems to have learnt from the Chelsea match and made a change sooner in the game to anticipate the fatigue their players looks to be feeling as they adapt to his work-rate demands. The sustainability of it all remains to be seen - their club structure is as shocking as ours - but Solskjaer hasn\u2019t inspired that sort of faith in his philosophy/tactics since he became permanent, imo.
Nobody was saying that from emery though. Even when he was winning his first few matches it was wildly inconvincing
That's not how I remember it at all. People were saying that although Arsenal were inconsistent, you could clearly see how Emery hade already in a couple of weeks managed to implement his style of football.
Arteta has only been in charge 3 games. It's 1-1-1
No\n\nEdit: mate you back ole and call Pogba a virus lol
You seem to be having fun though.\n\nAlso- virus was a term of vindication for pogba after the jose cult called him that.
Yep, Arsenal were brilliant first half and defended well the second.\n\nI'm not saying we deserved anything out of the game, but breaking down teams is what continuously lets us down. I just don't think our midfielders are capable of consistently creating chances. Shaw and AWB also don't create anything, which doesn't help.
This game we were let down by our terrible team organization.  We looked like a team of 6 defensively and a team of four offensively today
We need new everything at the club. Idek about ole tbh. Sometimes he's good. Sometimes he's shit. I say we back him but if he doesn't perform after the full backing of the board then he needs to go. We've barely given him a chance. He might not be the one but I'm sure he'll leave us in a better state than we were in if he gets the board's full support
But there\u2019s nothing to suggest he is good. He\u2019s got one style of play and it\u2019s so negative (counter attack to big teams) that if it doesn\u2019t work we\u2019ve got nothing. \n\nThat\u2019s not premier league standard, let alone united standard. \n\nHe\u2019s shown nothing to suggest he\u2019s worth the backing.
Rashford should have been replaced. Lingard should never be in the starting 11
Lingard I definitely agree with you on, why was Rashford playing upfront tho?
Oh shit. I don't know what to make of this.\n\nJust don't want to think about Pogba for some time.
Idk why I even bothered to ask. Could have just read some from any of our past losses.\n\n\nThanks for the response though!
We are in 5th position in the Premier League table, where were Tottenham before your beloved Poch left? Why should we trust Poch after this season?
I would love to see clips of this. Here we all are thinking AWB is amazing at all facets in defence but one of the GOAT defenders gives some solid analysis of his weaknesses.
[deleted]
Inshallah
Admit that we were shit and we need to be active in this month's window rather than giving out useless platitudes
Facts this sub gets rattled when they hear the truth...
Matic does hold the ball quite well,prob is his mobility and drive,it's too slow and undynamic.
Yeah he holds the ball well, often far too long. Fred looks like he gives it away more but he tries more forward passes. \n\nFred and McTominay just work together, Matic makes me see that even more.
They don't deserve praise, they deserve not to be shit on like the rest of the team.
Yeah, no surprise he's shit at set pieces. He practices them with our players, who're equally shit at attacking & defending them.
Fair, but so have they - and they had one less day than we did
They're playing their first XI
Good days and bad days. Given same gametime martial is better than rashford by far
Oh sorry I see, you're insane
Depends on whether his swerving shot will go in and not as good as martial in dribbling his dribbling is nearly as james' tries to outrun the defender and cut in
Its not based on form.\nForm is temporary mate.
Yeah, half a year ago I would have said keep Lingard as back up... But now I'm thinking do away with him. I will be the happiest person in the world if he proves me wrong, but his last year has not inspired much confidence.
this whole season has been one of the biggest jokes in recent football for the no 10 position. every game we've called for rotating the no 10, when its lingard people call for periera and when its periera people call for lingard, and this was not because how they keep outperforming each other.
Exactly, so many of us even here acknowledged that it was going to be an up and down ride with the lack of quality as well as experience in our team (especially the midfield... if you can even all it that). The strong emotions that football brings forward is both a blessing and a curse.
I'm glad someone else agrees. Yes it's frustrating watching this performance but fuck sakes how were we supposed to keep up a tempo over this period with 4 senior midfielders, where 2 of them are fit. Its going to be a tough climb if we don't get support in the next few windows
The squad has not enough rotation options almost everyone was tired. It was bound to happen.
We played a full squad against burnley and a half dead squad here thats a bad decision. This was a problem before the season, we should not be losing this badly, giving up that much space and that much useless passing. Williams would have been better than shaw, matic hasnt played in how long and he looked like he was dead at the start.
Absolutely nuts comment that. \n\nWoodward has successfully lowered expectations when you see shit like that. Imagine Bayern, Juve, Barca or Madrid fans saying we gotta accept 4-7th, there\u2019d actually be riots.\n\nWe\u2019re far too passive and forgiving as a fan base and I\u2019ll probably be downvoted to hell for saying that.
I've felt this way for a few weeks now anyway. For example, De Gea should be more pronounced in the box for corners, as in be stronger when boxing crosses away like what happened in the last two matches. I'm a fan of DeGea but I feel Romero could fill the spot just as well if not better
No this is reality mate we\u2019re gonna get pumped at anfield, arsenal fucked us imagine Liverpool ffs\n\nEdit: I\u2019m not trynna be delusional
Imaginary defending? What are you, Luke Shaw?
It was a bad day. Can\u2019t keep going to the well and saying it\u2019s Ole\u2019s fault. These guys on the field are getting paid a lot of money. It was a bad day. Still the vision is there and time and signings will bring us back to the top. Keep in mind we have one of the youngest squads in the league. If people can\u2019t see the progress and just want another manager then I just can\u2019t figure out why anyone thinks that will work when it didn\u2019t with the last three managers. For the first time since SAF retired we have a long term vision and each month that goes by you can see it all coming together.
Nono I understand and trust me a lot of the times Ole gets it right on these occasions even when we dont pull through. But this game against arsenal, we were abysmal. You cant keep talking about our age and quality when the team simply fails to function at all. We had matic and fred in the midfield, two experienced midfielders who were completely overwhelmed, and it was definitely not their fault.
He's won one game out of 3
One can see the signs though..They drew with bournemouth which they could have easily lost and the chelsea game was a tight affair
Moyes inherited a title winning team.
And Ole inherited a team that finished 2nd
u/larsmaehlum address the bit about Moyes. As for comparing to 7 points less then last season, since then, we have sold 5 senior players and loaned out 2. We only signed 3 in the summer.\n\nI look at our pre-season and then wins over Chelsea (twice), Leicester, Man City and Spurs this season show me that he still has the tactical nous to be successful here, but we still need to replace Lukaku and Herrera at a minimum and then before next season, we need to sell and replace Lingard, Matic, Young and Shaw.
Because with him staying n being missing out matches, we are lacking proper mid. If he is nt ours anymre, atlst thn we will have some other players as his replacement, and as i said above, that player should be starting ahead of Matic/Lingard.
I disagree there are better managers out there. I agree the players aren't good enough but poch would be a much better candidate who would implement a style of play. We have nothing with Ole. We have so many problems but think there is no point sticking with a manager that we know isn't right
Agreed hell leave the squad in a better place but at what cost?
Veterans\\*
Ole will be here for more than his current contract. Save this comment and thank me when he wins us our first title since SAF
Ole winning the title then I think I\u2019ll shag Madonna mate
There\u2019s a lb that refuses to make runs because he\u2019s not fit enough and he\u2019s scared of injuring himself again so he\u2019d rather stop the play and pass it back. We have a way past it midfielder who has no ability to move the ball forward because he doesn\u2019t have the legs for it anymore and has to play because our other midfielders are injured. we have a 10 who can\u2019t pass for the life of him and should\u2019ve been sold long ago. How do you blame the manager for that? He\u2019s had one window. I swear some people on here acts like he\u2019s had years to rebuild. The alternatives to those players aren\u2019t available in this squad. Not to mention we had and extremely packed december with hardly anyone to rotate. That affects the body and decision making.\n\nEdit: spelling
So play Williams instead of Shaw?
We just won two games before this
And lost to Watford before that... I am well aware of our results.  \nMy comment was regarding the big picture, it sure doesn't feel like we are making progress.  \nWe have 39 points from our last 30 league games.     \nThat's fewer than Crystal Palace and Everton and the same amount as Newcastle United.  \nLet that sink in.
We just won two games before this
Not really considering we had the ball for most of the first 10 til we conceded then we were all over the place all over the field. He maybe got beaten once but got back in front of pepe who crossed it. He could've done much better there but maguire was fouling lacazette in the box and still got turned so easily luckily he messed up the shot he did so much worse yet he gets a lot less than shaw
This sounds like a post from 2013 when many disrespected Evra and thought Alexander Buttner was better after a few spirited performances. No, im not comparing Shaw to Evra just saying people need to calm it a bit with the hype thrown at young players. Varela, Januzaj, Macheda, Borthwick-Jackson, James Wilson, Paddy McNair, all victims of the youth hype train. Give Williams a season at least before concluding he's better than an experienced international. He might not even be at the club next season
It\u2019s funny how ole in\u2019s are not active today lol
>ole in\u2019s are not active today\n\nAt least you don't hide your agenda behind the constant posting
To me it looks very deliberate that he flicks it behind him as a pass, you could have just nuked the ball to corner there or had closed feet, instead he redirects it with his right. \nI assume he assumed there was teamates behind him to knock it out.  \n\nThat's what i read at least, but yeah the whole thing culminates in Shaw being far away from where he should be.
If you look at it slowed down/paused you see he heelflicks it back into play instead of letting it go to corner or just kicking it to corner. \n\nHe doesn't play it to Pepe on purpose, but he flicks it back into his own 16 on purpose, without knowing who is there at the end. Only after he deliberately flicks, he turns around to check, only to realize where he sent it.
Even in their first game, they played really well against Chelsea and if it wasn\u2019t for a keeper mistake they would of won the game. On the eye they were chalk and cheese from previous months. \n\nI don\u2019t see a great difference between our build up play now vs last 3 years. When we are in possession of the ball it\u2019s so slow and lacklustre, making it easy for teams to defend
Joke ting you can\u2019t \u201cunsupport\u201d a football club.
What do you want me to say then? How am I supposed to react week in and week out with this bs? Blindly continue believing we're OK? Give me alternatives rather than asking me to leave. Go on.
The guy below already told you to record the match. Thats a solution.
For living in a different time zone and wanting to support my club?
He lives in a different time zone......how is he supposed to go around that
You still fail to realize that maybe nothing would change this year, but over time it is much more likely that a good manager like Poch would be more successful than our manager.....whose only experience is getting relegated.
[deleted]
Club is in absolute shambles. It\u2019s gonna be another torrid decade.
Dkm. I only come here time to time to voice the truth and here I am again. Maybe when we relinquish yet another top 4 chance, those deluded fans will understand.
Problem is that we can only bench them both when Pogba is fit. Mata is not good enough either. Pereira > Mata > Lingard.
Yeah I know that's why you get Maddison/Bruno/Eriksen during the tranfer window.
Fred has been just about our best player in the last month but I thought he was poor today and really struggled to deal with Arsenal's press. He looks a lot better when he's next to a midfielder who's actually good like Pogba or McTominay.\n\nHow am I scapegoating him? I pointed out several players who weren't up to scratch today.
Ignore him. He supports Pogba and Martial he doesn\u2019t support United
I think he has something in his contract that if he gets another job earlier then he won\u2019t get that spurs check. I feel he wants that money just chilling rn. You\u2019re right though the sooner the better
I'm sure we could hash something out that would make it worth his while if woodward wasn't a tool
we\u2019ve not won 3 in a row in the PL this season. In the previous 2 games the goals came from their mistakes not from our ingenuity. since the manager took over we\u2019ve relied only on individual talent to bring us over the finish line. it\u2019s obvious there is no respectable pattern of play in place. a good coach wins you the game with a good team. a great coach makes subpar players play beyond their abilities (ie look at SAF last season in charge team lineup). Sokratis was played at left back today but was influential in the build up for the first goal, and scored the second. AWB plays right back. Honestly..
Can any superb manager magically heal players though?   It is a bit unfair to say that we won only because of players\u2019 brilliance and we lost because of the manager.
I don\u2019t think so either. He\u2019s a club legend that will continue to get chances because of what he did 20 years ago.
Pogba is levels to all these player mate watford is a prime example after he comes from 3 months injury...
It was watford for me,when we couldn't beat the statistically worst team in the league that's when I knew we were done
It's hard to gauge which is our most embarrassing loss of the season, but that Watford one was definitely the one for me.
Ole has been superbly inconsistent with his results this season.\n\nEvery time it looks like he has righted the ship, we head for a reality check result like tonight.\n\nI'll stop short of asking for him to be sacked, but now its difficult to defend him from fans who are calling for his head.
So this midfield went from being able to beat City and Spurs to bottom half of the table midfield in what, less than 10 games?
when your players are shit, yeah they\u2019re going to be inconsistent
It felt like we won the City game in spite of a mediocre midfield in terms of attack, those goals were all on the front 4 and quick release from the back more or less.
So it\u2019s a new manager bounce for Arteta, but it wasn\u2019t the case with Ole?
When Arteta sets a record we can discuss that.  Ole got way past a traditiona new manager bounce.
We tried the quick fix with Van Gal and Mou and we all know how that went. Calling for OLe's head every time we lose just isn't rational. be a bit more patient and support our team and our manager. A little bit of positivity goes a long way
If you take away that Ole is a club 'legend' and see him as a manager who got Cardiff relegated and coached MoldeFk before, with his win% in mind no way would he still be supported. The next sad thing is that his best period came when he was the new manager and he had that 'new manager' effect, after that even with transfer windows, we have absolutely not gone forward in a whole year. Our style if football is non-existent, its mostly hoof it behind defence and hope Radhford or Martial do smth brilliant. He is not up for the kind of task.
I don\u2019t mind being patient if I see progress. There is no progress. Beating City one game and getting outclassed by the worst team in the league isn\u2019t progress. Van Gaal wasn\u2019t a quick fix and he was sacked way too soon in retrospect. What is Ole\u2019s vision? I hate that shithead Raiola but he had a point when he said that we have no idea what a Man Utd player is. There\u2019s no semblance of a coherent playing style or game plan. Our best football under Ole game over a year ago when he didn\u2019t have a transfer window or preseason to drill his tactics into these players
I feel the same way. Far too many people seem to be following him blindly...\n\nJust looking at the body language and participation from Arteta and Ole during the game it hints at the difference in competence. Arteta looks like a very good signing for Arsenal.
That's the excuses phase book alright
Tbf gone are the days we\u2019re counter attacking wins you titles mate..\n\nKlopp first two seasons he played counter attacking football not as dominated possession football as now and now that they play possession they\u2019ve almost won the title.. also plays on the front foot is better than relying on the other teams to make mistakes so we punish them...\n\n\nEdit: every team ahead of us currently play possession football
So you see the similarities how Ole is forming the team then. Similar to Klopp with counters and now working on possession and creativeness. Except we don\u2019t have that player. Or should I say the player we do have doesn\u2019t want to play. So we need signings but the thought process is there. Going in right direction.
Nope they hold an average 66% in Europe and 61% in the league lol
No, but i mean in terms of quality and effort combined with importance of this game.
If we had beaten Everton we would have been in a very good chance of the champions league, instead we lost 4-0
Yea I\u2019m more talking about the 2nd half. 1st half obviously garbage
Yh but a game is 90mins \ud83d\ude02, 2nd half i agree with u we played a lot better
Him and Mati\u0107 were the only good players on the pitch for us
I'm atheist pal
Would you look at that the club have confirmed that Pogba is indeed injured
Hardly going to say otherwise are they? Fucking hell\ud83d\ude02\n\nDid you see the interview with Solskjaer before the game? Look at his face. He looked fuming.
I mean, Ole is part of the problem.
Oles tactics are shit mate you can't blame anyone but him
If you back the manager no matter what he does, then you are no true supporter of the club. I expect the manager to make effective adjustments suited to his predicament, as how Arsenal has done with their left back. Injuries and all that jazz, it\u2019s a normal occurrence. Part and parcel of the job. Ole OUT.
fuck off with this no true supporter of the club bullshit.
Agree lol... Our other option is Andreas or garner. The squad is paper thin.. Need 2 cm in Jan if pogba leave
Oh no sorry i forgot you can only judge a manager after 3 years regardless of evidence on the pitch or experience.
Ole's first three months at Man Utd is phenomenal. Clearly the best coach in the world right now, isnt it?
Bit over the top there...
[deleted]
If you can't see how your own post is toxic, then there is no helping you.
But I'm not talking about individual players, as you say it's not good for the team that Ole cames today and say that Lingard played like shit.\nBut my point is to say in general, like play like today is not good enough and stop saying only about fitnes that is the message that I get from him every press conference, don't know talk about tactics also, be more ruthless with the team in general without saying any names or pointing no any in specific
God forbid having an opinion
Who's he contributed more than? And if anyone says Lingard, [no he hasn't](https://www.warringtonguardian.co.uk/resources/images/5098440?type=responsive-gallery-fullscreen)
Well considering we are talking about the 6 months hes actually been here and cant create imaginary stats from elsewhere. Hes got 3 goals and 6 assists in 20 games in the league.
That says everything about our recruitment
Come on, the team just werent at the races today.
Never an excuse to boo a player. Nice edit too BTW, but just for anyone interested, original comment was that fans should continue to boo Lingard out of the club.
And clearly the worst against Crystal Palace, West Ham, Newcastle, Bournemouth, Sheffield, Watford, and Arsenal
You haven\u2019t lost a game against the top 6 either mate. RickGrimes-44 IN!
Even Moyes had a winning record against Arsenal. \n\nOle supporters when we win: Ole is a tactical magician. He outclassed Pep and Mou. He\u2019s made players like Fred, Rashford, Martial into beasts\n\nOle when we lose: players are shit. Players don\u2019t care. Woodward is bad
How about this:\n\nFans when we win: all down to the players, Ole got lucky.\n\nFans when we lose: All Ole's fault, worst manager ever. \n\nHe can't win with you lot.
I want him to succeed, but I just don't see how he does it. He just doesn't have \"it\".
Boohoo mate. I\u2019ve been wanting him to succeed for months. Where the fuck were you when Moyes was getting crucified left, right and centre? Oh yeah that\u2019s right, he wasn\u2019t a club man, that\u2019s why he doesn\u2019t deserve the same \u201cslack\u201d that Ole receives. What about when Old Trafford used to boo the team and LvG during his second season? Look at the experience of the people of the people in the coaching staff and ask yourself with a straight face whether that\u2019s good enough to get top 4. None of you donuts would found it acceptable if Pardew, Big Sam, or Pulis had the same run of form as Ole.
No club is paying \u00a390m+ for Pogba which is crazy given the inflated market we have but thats the reality. We\u2019ll sell him for \u00a375m + bonuses and overpay for someone.
I mean Pogba isn't worth 90m right now, hes been out injured for more or less the whole season and has played in an inconsistent team for several years now. He isn't worth more than what we paid just going off that. Then you have to look at who can afford or even needs him right now. Hes a final piece to the puzzle not the starting piece
Fuck off with that ManU shit.
Jesus Craic you're 32 chill out.
[removed]
[removed]
You can play LB
Your comment reads as 'Let's blindly support underperforming players who play for our team, and anyone who criticises an underperfoming player is a fickle fan'.\n\nWe as football fans have the right to criticise underperforming players, I understand that some may take it too far. Lingard as an example is being paid \u00a3100k+ pw,  and had 0 goals and assists in the PL in 2019. Shaw wouldn't be on the starting line up of any of the other top PL teams. Yet, we are supposed to just blindly accept this mediocrity, and accept that we are not a Top 4 quality team because it is the 'reality' rather than do something about it? Such a stupid comment. And regarding the Pogba conspiracy theory, this is just a specific demographic of fans, you can't just paint the whole fanbase under the views held by some.\n\n&#x200B;\n\n>United has literally one of the best future prospects in the making. Incredible bunch of youngsters that you lot expect world class performances.\n\nYes Lingard, the 'youngster' - we shouldn't expect world class performances from him even though he is 27 and our first choice CAM. If you are talking about Greenwood, who exactly has been criticising him? Absolutely no one so nice straw man argument there.
* You lot had a ton of comments about Pogba faking his injury so he could force a move that was upvoted. That shows that people agreed and yes it's not everyone but you know what I mean.\n* There's a difference between criticizing and being outright toxic. Do you see the difference? Lingard being out of form and under performing doesn't give you the right to absolutely shit on him. His money has nothing to do with the case. No one is telling you to blindly love all players but you guys are fickle. You change from one dime to another within a week. \n* Go to the matchthread and check the comments, or just check this thread. Some people are saying that he shouldn't start anymore or that he needs to be benched which is fair. Yet, some people, you included go to the point of saying that a random redditor can do a better job. That's my point. You take it too far and someone below you says he can't handle a tesco job. \n* LOL. Why would you assume I'm talking about Lingard as a youngster? I'm talking about United as a whole. You have incredible young players yet you guys expect world class performances day in day out. You have 1 maybe experienced winners on that team. What has the rest won?
Our whole scouting and actual player purchasing process astounds me.\n\nI can\u2019t think of the last player the clubs signed that was based upon a \u201cscouting recommendation\u201d\n\nMAYBE Dalot? I thought Mou scouted him personally tho.\n\nThe fact that when we DO finally identify targets we apparently only work on one signing at a time still confuses me to this day.
Very good question. Because the club doesn't want to spend on replacements and or depth basically.
Yeah I totally agree. We really should have prime players to fill in those positions.\n\nLingard has been going through some pretty intense personal family troubles all season. There was a recent article about it that I don't have to hand at the minute I'll grab it when I can.
He wasn\u2019t on that level really. He was on the level that say Rice is on now, maybe a bit lower.
To inject some urgency and more creativity. If he doesn't do the sub, you lot would be slating him for being \"passive\"
Yeah you may be right, I follow the ball while watching a match and an not good at judging positioning and off the ball movement
\ud83d\ude02
It read as though you\u2019d forgotten it was a new decade.  \ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2640\ufe0f If I made a mistake then downvote me for it. I don\u2019t give a single shit about up or down votes.
No, it's just that they were unable to pressure Matic the way they could Fred.  They tried and he was able to dribble out of trouble and keep them at arms reach.  Matic has always been very difficult to pressure.  Today Fred was just slow and probably tired and found himself caught on the ball time after time until the last 15-20 minutes when they tired and started just sitting deep.
Pereira played on the right at the start of the season.
When Martial was injured he played there so Rashford could play ST yeah. But our starting 3 have been Rashford, Martial James consistently.
Gomes wouldn't be messing up simple passed how Lingard did
Yeah he might work as a back up in both positions when fit and eased back into the team. I still think we need another signing though because all of those players named are young and still learning the trade. We need to be aiming for greater heights quickly.
There are quite a few basic flaws to his game.\n\nLike when Lacazette turned him inside out in the first half. That was just so dumb.
Was thinking of exactly that but it's happened a few times before. He was wrestling with Lacazette and had no idea where the ball was. Even more annoying than Smalling defending corners where he'd focus on grabbing the other players shirts.
>He's the far post CB, he gets to decide the line.\n\nThere's no such rule that a far post CB decides the line. This is entirely subjective.\n\nFor instance, in the Rio-Vidic partnership, it was always Rio that held the line irrespective of whether he was near or far post.
That's the rule we generally followed but I get that maybe it's different at a professional level. Lets assume either one of them are responsible for that\n\nLindelof: why step there? You are already in your box with the ball in front of you and the rest of the defensive line has 0 time to react to your call. IF he was in charge of that, it's a terrible call\n\nMaguire: if he's in charge we're back to step one and Lindelof shouldn't have stepped\n\nEither way it was a poor call from Lindelof. There was no reason to step there. Just hold position and if they play to Kolasinac then step to him.
People keep making way too many excuses for him. \n\nIf he wasn't as slow as a tortoise, the attack wouldn't even have got to to the stage where the cross came in.
I feel like I\u2019m going insane, he\u2019s clearly made our defence better and I\u2019m going to defend the guy.
Come on mate. Lidl is top tier, there's a reason it always gets supermarket of the year.\n\nBet you're an M&S snob.
Really? To be honest I left the UK in 2010 and still basing my knowledge from that time.\n\nBack then I was an Asda slut.
Perfect
The downvotes on your comments say otherwise. It's okay to be wrong.\n\n>different haircut every week.\n\nProper yer da comment this. Defo reads The S*n.
Okay babes whatever makes you happy
It really is ambitious hoping we get a great midfield winter signing given the owners.
It is... It is also an opportunity for the owners to show that they give a hoot about what's going on on the field
The fact that they seemed perfectly fine enough with letting Herrera and Fellaini go without signing should give you a hint on how much they care.
No it doesn't.  They could care a great deal ... it is just far less than how much they care about money.
I don\u2019t think my anger has fully died down from how egregious it was not sign a midfielder. How do you expect the attack and defence to gel/develop without a midfield? Especially unforgivable given all the mids that seemed to be available in the summer and decent prices (unlike CB\u2019s). Fuck it, I\u2019d even have taken Longstaff if it meant an extra body for us (I don\u2019t really mean that, but I\u2019m close to it).
We are already averaging at near teenage starting 11s every week. It'll give competition for the first team because as much as the lads can suddenly \"show up\" against the \"bigger teams\" there is just a lack of quality and it shows.
I would hope the  hundreds of thousands of pounds they earn each week should be enough to motivate them. The manager shouldn't have to motivate their lazy fucking arses every game.
So what, should he not get credit because the players were obviously good? If he goes out and gets an talented player that improves the team (Which all 3 have) then it\u2019s a good signing.
Is it doomed though? He wants midfielders and I think we should get him some and then see where we are before pulling the plug.
That means they're not a poor side.
Skriniar or Milenkovic are some good players we could've gone for. I think Maguire is a top centre back but when ur spending that much money on a player he can't be so god damn slow and bad at tackling.
Absolutely. There are some in the German league that are tempting also. I get that this isn't football manager but given how much money we have, why can't we pretend like it is and just go and get these players. At least enquire about them. We're not able to go for two players at the same time though. That's a problem.
I know but that's my point. If ur going to overspend on Maguire you might aswell break the bank for the best in the world. And trust me, Koulibaly is world class. He's up there with Van Dijk and not much older than Maguire.
Agree with pretty much all your points. Nothing against Ole but he's not the solution. He's not the only problem at the club or even the biggest problem but he's still a problem. He's just not cut out for this job and today was another embarrassing example for this. It's like people would rather ignore what's right in front of us in the hope that Ole will single handedly save this club. There's no timeline where that happens.
[removed]
Which means nothing when there\u2019s still 17 games to go and the gap between 5th and 10th is 4 points. Don\u2019t let our position on the table blind you from the fact that the only reason why we\u2019re in 5th is because all the other teams are shit.
>Personally I think he should have been sacked months ago\n\nfor who?
Pochettino would be my first choice
Williams is very highly rated. I don't remember who said it from our youth set up, but he said that if he had to pick 1 of our academy players to make it, it would be Williams.
Never said he wasn't highly rated. Lots of our academy are highly rated. He's not greenwood though.
Yes Maguire hasn't even proved that he's worth 80million ffs James is terrible wan Bissaka is the only good signing
James is decent and Awb needs a good coach
Agreed. I just think Lingard\u2019s performances were when McT was playing so there was more protection. Having a tree like Matic in midfield meant playing Lingard was a risk. In fairness Arsenal matched our formation with 4 attackers but played two smart systems while we couldnt consistently play one. I understand Pereira was probably tired which is probably why he didn\u2019t start but there are other selection mistakes like playing Shaw instead of Young/Williams. Oh well it\u2019s done now let\u2019s look forward to Saturday.
While i agree on not playing Shaw, if you dont play him theres a certain crowd that will say he should be playing. I think giving him chances to prove himself/fail is something that has to be done to show hes simply not good enough. Similar to playing lingard, people have short memories. 1 month ago people were begging for periera to be dropped because he was shit and lingard should start. \n\nLingard has started 4 games and came on as sub in 2 at least in the last month. From those games weve seen what he can and cant do.\n\nI also dont think Matic was in Oles plans for this game, resting Pogba for burnley to allow him to play yesterday made sense to me. Then him suddenly deciding he needs surgery 3 months after getting injured puts a proverbial spanner in the works to that plan.\n\nSimilar to how Phil Jones wasnt in his plans to play against sheffield united, but they practised a 3 atb system all week and Rojo gets injured in the last minute.\n\nWe can all say in hindsight we should do X differently, but at least for me i can see why Ole is doing certain things. The reality is we need to overall our squad and its not something that can be done overnight.
So you're saying that their players were deployed in the right positions and ours weren't, which allowed them to dominate the pitch. Sounds like tactics to me.\n\nClearly Arteta had his team set up better and that's why players like David Luiz actually looked competent.
That isn\u2019t at all what I\u2019m saying. Like, not even a little bit. \n\nI said and will say again that they turned up and worked and battle and had passion and we were the worst I\u2019ve seen us in forever. Worse than watford. No fight. No battle. No compete. No effort. No heart. Tactics had nothing to do with that first half capitulation.
To be clear, you are saying a truly bang average player only has to be tactically in the right spot to excel. So why does Pep bother signing great players? Wouldn\u2019t he just buy average guys and deploy them correctly?
Do you want me to give you an entire tactical breakdown of the team and how we played? paypal me like 50 quid and I'll send you a match report pal
But what I'm trying to say is what other tactic could he have played with these players? I'm not saying he shouldn't have any blame for this loss. For instance, I personally feel he should have started pereira instead of lingard.
Just look at the 2016-17 Ajax Amsterdam team. Their average age at the time was 20, and then they have made quite a long way since for a team with not so much money to compete with any of the big boys. Not bad for a group of kids being thrown into the deep end.\n\nYou play kids together, you make sure they learn to fight and die for each other together. That is how you build a team. If you think that Matic deserves anything for his past achievements when there are other kids looking to knock him out of the squad like McTominay did beforehand, this is just another example of how too many people are still too conservative with how to build a team.
You definitely don\u2019t play all the kids together...you sprinkle them in a with a strong spine of experience to help them through.\n\nAgree we should be giving Gomes a shot over people not cutting it at 10, garner as well...but throwing them all out there at once isn\u2019t the right way.
Ajax didn\u2019t have the option of building any other way. We have the reserve team for all the kids to play together. I agree with @poppapoose in that you have to manage how the kids are integrated into the team. So far Ole has done it spectacularly.
If you think we are at the level of City/Liverpool then you are the problem, I am quite aware most of our players wouldn\u2019t get into their squad but that doesn\u2019t make our players bad. \n\nYou say Rashford is a saving grace but based on your argument of Mctominay not getting into the City/Liverpool squad then he can\u2019t be that good as he wouldn\u2019t get into either of them teams.
We arent at the level of City Liverpool because one side plays De Bruyne, while the other bigs up Mctominay.
Shoulda started Jones, you're right.
Smalling.
You\u2019re absolutely correct, and my original comment is a tad hyperbolic because the lads just weren\u2019t good enough. In fact, reading the rest of your comment (tactics, players etc) I\u2019m pretty much in complete agreement. I\u2019m just pissed off with the situation at this point that I felt it left a cloud over game before it even began.
Fair enough man. It's super frustrating having a player as talented as Pogba not really work out. I like to believe that he's actually injured but there's plenty of reason to believe that he's trying to force his way out. We've been struggling to sort ourselves out as a club  for a while now. Basically, I feel your pain.
winning a game is a style of play according to pundits though :)
Not having fun just disappointed and angry
I get you mate. It's just frustrating man. I really wanna be proven wrong because ole seems to be improving the club in general not just in terms in the first team but yh. Tactically I don't think he's good enough. I look at arsenal and it's embarrassing. They look so much more direct than us. Pepe and ozil driving at us. And then there's us, passing sideways and backwards and not knowing what to do when we were 2-0 down. Fucks sakes
So are we lol
So is rashford better than martial?
Yes, definitely. I can't believe you think Rashford is the one who has good and bad days
It is somewhat of a circus lol
i dont think ive ever seen a team with so many bad bad players in one position.. mata no legs, lingard invisible, periera frustrating decision making. though in starting to prefer periera
I just don\u2019t know what the other options were. Ed needs to bring in some depth through the center of the midfield. With all the games coming fast and frequent right now it\u2019s tough to keep playing as high intensity as Ole wants them too. Even James is looking sluggish lately. We need bodies to be able to rotate.
I can agree on that. Its crazy when we come to think of it, last yr we had pogba herrera and matic. Now we have fred mctominay and pereira/lingard. If thats not a downgrade idk what is.
Not really, the team he inherited wasn\u2019t even close and probably the main reason they did finish 2nd was De Gea.
And the reason why we won the league under SAF was because of RVP
She dead tho?
Go ahead and shag that old hag. Or maybe set your sights on someone younger and hotter.
That\u2019s the tough choice in this selection, Shaw has more experience, but Williams is better going forward and seems to be better defensively lately too. The boys still young and we knew arsenal were gonna throw the kitchen sink at us today. I think ole thought we go with the experience and not have to put that pressure on Brandon.
Ok but we\u2019re still 5th and very close to 4th
How is that acceptable? We have 4th highest paid squad in the world.  \nThat shows how incompetent the board is, what kind of joke is Ed Woodward and that Ole is just a \"yes\" man.
How dumb that you judge those managers off of two seasons and not the combined 25 years if success. One of those two managers  who is regarded as the second best EPL manager ever and brought us multiple triphies....and the other who made Spurs a consistent contender and managed them to a CL final. \n\nOGS has a history of failure in the top flight and that's it.
[deleted]
Lol for sure I agree
If the individual brilliance was enabled by effective positional and space awareness formulated during training, it is the manager\u2019s credit for outstanding tactical prowess. As far as my eyes can see the manager has no tactical prowess. All I\u2019m saying is if Arsenal can win with a depleted backline, we can win with a depleted midfield, as long as we get the tactics right. Ole OUT.
So even though we beat city and Tottenham, both  having close to full squad, it was still all pure player brilliance but had nothing to do with the manager?
but it all turned to shit with Ole. That\u2019s a classic sign of a new manager\u2019s bounce. Besides, a lot of the teams we beat during Ole\u2019s interim reign are the same kinds of teams we struggle to beat now.
I do t think you can attribute a three month run to new manager bounce.  If it was it was the longest by a margin ever.   I think if anything it shows that the club is propped up by entitled players who think things should be easier.  And when they worked to impress it paid off.  Getting them all on the same page to do that again has been the challenge.
Bruv Klopps Liverpool team had worse qualities than this man utd lol, they weren\u2019t spending millions of defenders
Except the 75m on Van Dyke I'm guessing you mean
How is Ole let down if Pogba is injured ? Do you not remember what happened the last time we played a injured Paul Pogba
Like talking to a brick wall this.\n\nHe isn\u2019t injured. He\u2019s downed tools.
Calm down gnome lmao
First 3 months was simply the players being let off the loose. \"it's easy when you have good players'. Is it Ole?
Why does that rule apply to Ol\u00e9 but not Arteta?
I supposed my point is not really based upon Arteta as an individual but on the style of manager. The days of the old school manager seem to be long gone. It's coaching now. If Ole is to stay he should realise this and make some changes to his staffing quickly.
[deleted]
Keep thinking that if it makes you happy.
And he is playing crap, despite the goals (even in the games he scored the goals, he still played terribly. He offers fuck all in build up). His assists are just basic passes. Greenwood is a far far better player who actually has technical abilities and should be playing every week over James
Basic passes? He\u2019s whipped quite a few crosses and would have had 8-9 assists if Rashford didn\u2019t bottle them from close range. He also just came from the championship. He\u2019s did more last game than Lingard has in the whole of 2019
What games you been watching mate? Has had a few poor performances mixed in. \n\nBut overall hes adjusted well quite quickly to the league and should have had more assists if players could take their chances
I\u2019ve given him credit, just as I\u2019ve given him criticism. He got the tactical set up right vs NewCastle and Burnley and he did well against City, considering the quality they have. He\u2019s been utterly clueless in other games. Look at this game for example, he didn\u2019t make a single change until the 60th minute despite Lingard and Shaw being absolute shit. Look at Lampard and how he made subbed Emerson for Jorginho in the 34th minute because Chelsea were so crap. Ole is one of the most passive managers in the league. De Gea ought to be dropped for a few games because of how poor he\u2019s been recently, but you can bet your ass that won\u2019t happen. No hunger, no energy, no movement. What do they even do in trainings?\n\nFYI, I assign blame to players as well. If you don\u2019t think that I blame the likes of Shaw and Lingard for a shit performance, then I don\u2019t know what to say to you
\n\nNo actual United fan calls United \"Man U\".
[removed]
[removed]
Wow, a massive fan base has mixed views from different fans, so let's generalise the entire fanbase. If you are so annoyed with those Pogba comments maybe you should comment on that thread, rather than here where I have made no mention of that at all.\n\nThis is football, fans get frustrated when the team and the players are underperforming. Again as I said, I don't support the fans that take things too far. We just lost a must-win game against a struggling Arsenal side that would've put us 2 points of the Top 4. We are Man Utd, one of the biggest teams in the world. World class performances is what we expect, with more leniency to our youth team players like Williams and Greenwood. But it remains as a matter of fact that we have too many players that don't deserve their wage or place in the team.\n\n&#x200B;\n\n>Yet, some people, you included go to the point of saying that a random redditor can do a better job. That's my point. You take it too far and someone below you says he can't handle a tesco job.\n\nDoes something called humour not exist where you live? It is the tamest of jokes at that, if you get sensitive about these types of comments, you should avoid Reddit altogether.
Classifying hate as humor isn't really a good thing to do. You're making a joke at the expense of someone else and I'm pretty sure Lingard himself knows that he's in a bad patch. Yet all you people make \"jokes\". Come on man
OK so he played there and he sucked, so how come Gomes who barely gets any football (senior and u23s) is expected to slot straight in and perform out of position
>You are already in your box with the ball in front of you and the rest of the defensive line has 0 time to react to your call. IF he was in charge of that, it's a terrible call\n\nMaguire had enough time to react. A faster and more aware CB would have stepped up, but Maguire was ball watching.\n\nIt becomes a terrible call from Lindelof only because his partner was slow to react.  \n\nIf Maguire was in charge, then fault is on Lindelof.\n\nWho we are going to blame is subjective.\n\nBut one conclusion is objective - Maguire and Lindelof are a dysfunctional partnership.
I just watched it again to be sure and I'm really not sure how Maguire could have reacted any quicker. It takes him less than a second to react and move up.\n\nNow part of it is quick thinking on Auba's part but I think that's a misplay on Lindelofs part personally. I don't know why he felt the need to step there regardless of whose in charge of the line.\n\nI agree they don't really work well, but ImO it's because of victor. He has been very underpar this season for me  which is disappointing after his last one. Maguire's not without fault, but hes been generally solid IMO
>he\u2019s clearly made our defence better\u00a0\n\nThat's not a high bar, given how shit we were last year.\n\nBut he's not the world class defender most people here think he is
>He\u2019s clearly made our defence better\u00a0\n\nHe has made the defence better, the signing has been a success and if we get a decent midfield ahead of him he\u2019ll look even better.\n\n>But he's not the world class defender most people here think he is\n\nRamos, VVD, Laporte would all struggle here too. Don\u2019t get me wrong, I don\u2019t think Maguire is on their level, but he\u2019s just not even on the radar in terms of our current problems we need to be worrying about.
Aye Lidl has massively upped it's game over the last decade.
And this my friend is why we need a director of football. Unfortunately it's not going to happen as long as Ed Woodward is in charge. We have all these scouts and yet we sign Maguire for 80mil when we could've gotten someone better and cheaper while possibly saving some extra money for a midfielder.  I feel like I could run this club better than these idiots smh
Look at the team Fergie last won the title with, I'm saying that an average player can be coached into being solid as we saw tonight. I think we both know I wasn't going as far as to say it as all you need but it's easier for you to try and suggest that than actually disprove me I guess
Your example is a shambolic calamitous defender being tactically set up correctly and looking competent. You did that. No me. \n\nTactics are important. But not ahead of actually turning up and competing. That first half was not tactical. It was a team not bothering to show up and even try. \n\nFinally, I don\u2019t care about \u201cproving you wrong\u201d. Not even one iota. I said I\u2019d play devils advocate. You came back at me. I defended my position. Nothing more. Now, I\u2019ve said my opinion. Right or wrong is irrelevant to me. Nice chatting with you.
That\u2019s such a strange argument, are you saying we can\u2019t think a player is good or shows promise because there is a better player in the world that plays in the same position? \n\nWhat realistic target would you have instead of Mctominay?
I am saying that the standard has dropped. And it shows. The reason city liverpool are so dominant is because they have a borderline standard to get into the team. They dont just either \n\na) Pluck anyone into the team because they can (Sanchez)\nB) have a very specific need and only buyplayers that fit that need.\n\nMctominay as a Central midfield is more defensive than attacking. If you want to beat bottom table teams you need a cm that is offenaive minded who looks for pockets of space. Otherwise just play him as a defensive midfield. The issue with that is there are better options tat we were even LINKED with that for some stupid reason didnt happen.\n\nSoumare from Lille is good.  Defensobe midfield that can also up the tempo and pick out killer passes behind space.\n\nFernandes is good as well. For attacking purposes. \n\nGrillitsch is great as an alternative to Scott. He is much more robust and bosses the middle.\n\nPartey Ndidi.\n\nEven Juventus have Bentacur who they dony even need atm. \n\nSo thats literally SIX options.\n\nExcept Bentacur literally all of them are linked with us. So realisticall all of them are doable. I think Fernandes even has started talks with us.\n\nThe quicker we dump the b tier players and boost up central the better.\n\nFred Periera and Mctominay should not be starters. Rotational plaers that should only play because we rest the guys i mentioned in the list.
We got rid of a lot of deadwood last summer. Ole is cleaning the shit fuck of a mess that the past 3 previous \u201ctop managers\u201d left us with. We can\u2019t get rid of half the squad in one window can we?
We could, Arsenal signed 7 players last summer, we signed 3.  \nIf the board was more competent we would have a DoF, we would actually have a plan.  \nI am not disagreeing with you that we cleared some of the deadwood but we let Herrera go and we are struggling with the midfield.  \nWe didn't replace Lukaku and Sanchez. Yes Greenwood got some game time but we shouldn't be putting such weight on a 18 year old shoulders.  \nAlso Rashford can't play every game, nor Martial... there needs to be a healthy rotation which we can't do.
One has years of data and the other has 2.5 (all bad), but yeah it's flawed
We beat the top teams because they want to take us on. When teams take us on they expose space at the back. We have very fast players. Yes you may say that is a pattern of play, but it\u2019s his one and only pattern of play. He\u2019s predictable bro. What happens when teams don\u2019t take us on and play a low block? We can\u2019t even take points from Watford. \n\nI will say the game against City was a very electrifying game with LONG spells of brilliance (20-30 minutes maybe) instead of moments of brilliance in short bursts. But that\u2019s a one off. I\u2019m already dreading the carabao cup game.
Which players who played yesterday do you think are \u201centitled\u201d?
That was the season were they went to champions league finals mate and finished 4th the season before lol
Watch the football. Freestyle football is different to what Arsenal were doing yesterday.
No, mate genuine question? How old are you? How can you be so narrow minded? Arteta has been there 2 weeks. You cannot judge style of play or a manager in that time?
[deleted]
Yes you read one post and found me out.\n\nGotta hold my hands up here you got me.\n\nlmao you're precious
His crosses aren't good, he's not finding anyone because they're bad.\n\n>He also just came from the championship\n\nOk, cool. Doesn't matter. We have better players on the bench (cough cough Greenwood, with much better potential, current ability and time per goal contribution) and they should be \nstarting over this crap player\n\nLingard has actually played well in the beginning of 2019. James has been awful for 4 straight months.
Please give me statistics or evidence for these claims. I find it remarkable that you of all people who have been defending Rashford for being quite mediocre before this season because of his age are quick to classify James as a \u2018crap\u2019 player
They've been poor for months
Definition of hate according to Dictionary.com :\n\n**verb** (used with object), hat\u00b7ed, hat\u00b7ing. - to dislike intensely or passionately; feel extreme aversion for or extreme hostility toward; detest: \n\n&#x200B;\n\nDefinition of hate according to 'Makiieee':\n\n'Hate' - making a joke that someone on Reddit will do a better job than Lingard after his terrible performance today
>I'm really not sure how Maguire could have reacted any quicker.\n\nImagine any CB with a decent turn of pace in the same situation. \n\n>I agree they don't really work well, but ImO it's because of victor. He has been very underpar this season for me which is disappointing after his last one. Maguire's not without fault, but hes been generally solid IMO\n\nLindelof has been poor all season.\n\nThat said, remember when Lacazette twisted Maguire inside out in the first half, but fluffed his shot?\n\nI have never seen Lindelof get so easily bamboozled on the ground the way Maguire regularly does by any nippy forward.
>the signing has been a success\n\nDebatable.\n\nHe has not had the impact you expect from a 80m defender.\n\nHe was actually much better for Leicester.
They have a competent midfield in front of him. We\u2019re not as good as Leicester this year, I believe he\u2019d still be playing on that level for Leicester if he\u2019d stayed.\n\nThree years down the line, if we fix the midfield, I can see Maguire still being here bossing it week in week out and us talking about the \u00a380m like it was a bargain.
Right, so now I will be you in this situation. \n\nNone of the players you mentioned are better than De Bruyne so what is the point in getting them in? \n\nI think everyone in here knows that Scott is not that sort of player who is going to pick out the killer pass, he is the tireless worker who doesn\u2019t stop running for 90 mins, he is a player that brings the best out of other players around him because he allows them to do their job, look at the difference in Fred when he plays with Mctominay as opposed to playing with Matic. \n\nCan Mctominay improve? Yes and he most certainly will considering how young he is but to act like he is a bad player just because he wouldn\u2019t get into two of the most freakishly good teams in the past few years is ridiculous.
Yes I agree the board is very incompetent.. I\u2019m praying we pick up someone this window
Oh Jesus fucking christ mate. Defend Ole as you will. The evidence is there. I don't think Arteta will succeed at Arsenal, however, not necessarily due to him I just believe he will not have the money to spend to really challenge at the top. There will, however, be an identity to the way they play. He will implement a clear style and you will see repetition and patterns to their football. It will not take 3 years either. The knowledge Arteta has of coaching is evident in what he says, how he manages, and his experience with the coaches he has worked with before. Ole has not shown any of this, and in fact, his quotes would suggest he's the antithesis of this. For example \"it's easy when you have good players',  'We just set up the team from the back and hope our attackers can get the goals'. The games Ole won on his good run were great. However, he was worked out and we're not shown any sign of improvement in any areas of the pitch. Arsenal will go on to be inconsistent this season, yet their footballing identity will become more evident. And not that it matters at all but if it makes you feel like you have a bigger dick then, 30.
I'm shocked as at 30 years old I'm guessing you've watched football for 20+ years and understand that a manager coming into a team usually has a positive affect until maybe 4-6 months down the line when players become lapse then ensues the turmoil that United are currently going through. Don't judge a fist time manager on 2 weeks of football
Rashford and James are the same age, James is extremely subpar, a bench player at best. When Rashford was playing shit everybody criticised him. Same for James please.\n\nJames not scoring since August should be enough for any top club to drop him. Ole, on the other hand, starts Greenwood, sees him score, before James comes back in and plays a stinker again. Greenwood actually has technical abilities and crazily enough, is in great form
I think the reason Ole hasn\u2019t played Greenwood as much is to protect him. He\u2019s only 18 after all and it\u2019s not fair to cast him in the spotlight against dirty teams so soon. I also sympathize with James for playing out of position. He\u2019s a LW by trade but is forced to play on the right. Both Rashford and Martial have looked like Bambi on ice over there
Unlikely. By that time he will be 30, and even slower than he is now.
Well I hope you\u2019re wrong I guess, I like the guy.
I'm talking about coaching and Ole's lack of it. Forget Arteta that was not my point. But I do believe he will be a good coach. The way Arsenal pressed and moved for each other suggests that is something they are already working on because you cannot do that simply by motivating players. Name me one aspect of United's game you can say we've clearly worked on that in training besides blazing up the pitch or those weird corner things we did at the start of the season. Of course, time may prove otherwise and Arteta may not prove to be a good manager. However, the focus on team cohesion, coaching and tactics is clearly something that he will focus on and that's what I believe United are missing. Don't worry son, I'm not judging a fist time manager on 2 weeks of football.
Mate what aren't you understanding... How well did United perform the first 3 month under Ole? Remember 4-0 United under Mourinho? Yanno that season we won 9 of our first 10 games? This doesn't last. Look at Liverpools first season under Klopp, City under Pep, Tottenham under Poch. They were all unconvincing and all improved with time, learn to accept that you cannot judge anything on 2 weeks
At 18 Sancho and Mbappe were playing regularly. Solskjaer is being dumb with his team selection
Mbappe is a once in a lifetime player lol. And Sancho didn\u2019t start playing immediately. I\u2019m sure we\u2019ll see more of Greenwood soon enough
Ok you are just missing or ignoring all my points. I'm not saying Arteta is going to succeed and prove himself to be the next Pep. I'm saying he's a first-class coach. And United need a first-class coach. It's not based simply on 1 game it's based on many things which I've already explained. You are making basic points and completely missing any nuance.
Nope\n\n\"First 3 months was simply the players being let off the loose. \"it's easy when you have good players'. Is it Ole?\"\n\nThis is your original comment about Ole, I'm asking why that doesn't apply to Arteta and you have no answer? Unless you believe Arsenal's squad isn't decent?
Both of which were the best teenagers in their respective seasons in which they broke out. Sancho was playing regularly this time last year. And there's more teenagers I could point to
'The way Arsenal pressed and moved for each other suggests that is something they are already working on because you cannot do that simply by motivating players.' \n\nI believe the Arsenal squad is pretty average also yes.
Go back and watch Ol\u00e9's first 10 games, it is by motivating players it showed that our players simply burnt out from how much we pressed and ran. Ol\u00e9 has now worked on that squad fitness, the team cohesion is growing too, there are many positives that Ol\u00e9 has brought to the table, the board trust him, the players like him and I believe most of our fanbase see his vision. I saw from a previous comment that the signings this season haven't been great but it's too early to judge which says to me you cannot see his vision which I can respect.
Precisely and articulated better than me is my point in this article\n\n'Against opponents who play against them with caution, or who press effectively, they lack not only basic guile but also attacking cohesion. Much of modern football at the highest level is about the capacity of teams to create space for themselves, to set about through precise inter-movements to pull an opposing defence apart. There is no more evidence they can do that now than there was a year ago when Solskj\u00e6r took over.\n\nThey didn\u2019t do that under Mourinho but that, at least, was understood and accepted. Mourinho is of the opinion that the structured attacking gambits pioneered by Valeriy Lobanovskyi, and practised now by J\u00fcrgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola, are of limited value because football is too random for pre\u2011set moves always to be valuable. What, he would ask, if the circumstances that allow one of the gambits to be set in motion doesn\u2019t occur? What does a team do then? He pursues instead a process of \u201cguided discovery\u201d, instilling in his players the right mindset so they react to situations with the right decisions.\n\nWith Solskj\u00e6r it\u2019s not clear there is any thinking at all beyond trying to play in the quick lads up front as they run in behind. And if the opposition stops you doing that, there\u2019s nothing for it but to look sad and uncomfortable on the bench, a sickly angel in a padded club coat wondering what the Boss would do.\n\n**It\u2019s one game and it\u2019s probably unwise to read too much into it but the implication of Wednesday was that Mikel Arteta, stalking the touchline in his roll-neck and trainers, pointing and gesticulating in homage to his mentor, Guardiola, has instilled in Arsenal in three games a more coherent structure than Solskj\u00e6r has in a year.**'
Typically requires being able to string together two passes
*to be fair* no one knows how ManU escaped without a single yellow card
Fuck off with that ManU shit.
In what way is Kolasinac \u2018a fucking prick\u2019? Probably the most upstanding and loyal dude in the PL...
[removed]
[removed]
Well it's 5 here and I guess I'm not sleeping today
It's either this or they can still watch \"soccer\".
Super easy to get a train back from London at 10pm?
Probably West of you two hours
only thing 2 hrs westb of me is ocean. northwest i guess is...india?
Oh! Are we tanking for Tua?! Or maybe next year for Trevor. Why does no one send me these memos?!
Still option better than Lingard
Add me into that list. I managed to pass a ball forward today.
Fickle, fickle fans. This sub talked so much shit about other fan bases yet you've all turned into what you used to condemn. I've never seen a more delusional fan base. You guys had conspiracy theories about Pogba never playing again and you keep talking shit about your own players. \n\nThis is REALITY and this is your team. Get behind them and hope for a better performance. This isn't a Keane era or Cantona era. This is the social media era and these guys hear about so much hate, so many fickle fans and their hurtful comments. That gets to them and adds to the pressure. \n\nUnited has literally one of the best future prospects in the making. Incredible bunch of youngsters that you lot expect world class performances.
You missed one bro
I'll always say that I'll play just as shit for half the pay
Cmon he\u2019s been struggling with family health problems all year, give the guy a break.
Nah mate he's a CB for Burnley
I think some Sporting fans said that the release clause was just a formality, and the asking price would be lower.  If we approached him, Bruno would do everything to come here as he is desperate to join a PL club.
He's trash this season tbh
This is one thing I was thinking, if they decide not to back Ole in Jan surely they plan to get someone new in. A team with actual aspirations has to look at the team right now and bring in one or two new players
the club should think about long term independent of the manager in charge.
Which is why changing the structure and getting a DoF in is essential. We need to buy players to fit the Club's identity, not players that fit a manager's identity that changes every 2 years.
A lot of awful games but at least in those we had a period of 5-10 minutes where we realised we needed to score. This was 90 minutes of utter cowardice
Arsenal found a good balance against us. A low line and a high press. Put pressure on defenders and front three and didn\u2019t worry about our midfield being able to make anything happen quickly.
People here were saying how hes a good squad option less than a week ago. A guy who can't score or create is considered a good squad option? It's hard to believe really...
This is why I\u2019m so over the fucking \u201cRiGhT pLaYeR iSn\u2019T aVaIlAbIE\u201d nonsense. If we can\u2019t find a single player who can play better than Lingard (So basically anybody who doesn\u2019t make us play worse than us being a man down) then the people in charge of the club and scouting need to fuck off.
Agreed. How is there not one football player on this earth capable of filling lingards position. These scouts are so brain dead. It's like we only go for the most obvious targets. Big fucking deal we went for maguire and wan bissaka - the entire fucking country were after them!
Weigl is off to Benfica in January. That alone should say enough.
Pereira is the better of the 2 shit choices
Nah I'd say Periera should always play until someone new is signed. Pereira actually contributes. He can be a squad player. \n\n\nGreat crosses and above average set pieces too. Even when in bad form, there's still a chance he'll randomly create something.\n\nLingard in bad form genuinely does nothing whatsoever. There's no point of him being on ghe pitch
I always want Periera replaced but never by JLiNgZ
I'm fucking sick of what our club is expecting from young players (and Lingard) tbh.\n\nLingard has serious personal issues affecting his form, Greenwood is in fucking sixth form and alongside Rashford they're expected to completely lead the line for a club as big as United, and are rinsed when they crack under that unbelievable pressure or hit rough patches.\n\nThey have been utterly let down by the club and deserve better. It's a total failure in management at every level.
If lingard is suffering from personal issues. Why is he playing? Why has Ole selected him? Why compound this by playing?
I agree with your point, but the devil's advocate in me says we've put ourselves in this position by only having young players, and older players who are past it (matic, lingard, mata - who I love but is a shell of himself) and are expected to play in key positions...\n\nMctominay and Pogba in for matic and lingard and we win that game. They just offered absolutely nothing on either end and it was so predictable that was going to happen..\n\nPS: lingard, personal issue?
Had 10+ day rest the week we played AZ
I think Maguire is a good defender. He has shown that. He\u2019s just not good in a high line
Not really. According to totally money, which is a site that calculates football inflation, says that Henderson was 43m in today\u2019s money. \n\nAnyways, it doesn\u2019t matter, they bought him for 20m back then and they\u2019ve gotten 8 years out of him already. That\u2019s a brilliant investment
Yeah, he's done well for them. For whatever it's worth, I guess it's one Fergie got wrong. He wrote in his autobiography that they looked at him but thought he had a running style that would lead to injuries. \n\nOn the other hand, I'm not sure that Henderson would really make a difference in this team.
hmm... i struggle to believe that. the best young talents go for over 100m now, when then they wouldnt have gone for more than 40m then. Signings like Kepa, Alisson, Ousmane Dembele, Van Dijk, Maguire, Neymar and Mbappe. They are so outrageous in price that I find it hard to believe.
Havertz is 100m+ as well
I felt Matic was good
Another one of Ole\u2019s mad subs, dunno why he felt the need to take him off when he was playing decent.
Matic was out of position a lot IMO. He had a really poor first half and while he did get better in the second he didn't have a good game to me
Martial was a bit too static at some points I thought. Obviously it's not his role, but when you have 3 very direct attacking players, you have to do some of the dirty work.
Also that ball he gave away to Aubameyang
Surely we can\u2019t get any worse...
I've told myself that since 2014, seem to be proven wrong every year! Luckily football is only a game =)
It literally sums up the decade since it\u2019s the only match we\u2019ve ever played this decade.
I'm gonna upvote you anyway, because it's a new year and I've got a much clearer vision of who I want to be.
wow really
Martial is fine now yet he didn't do jack tonight.
Rewatch the game. He's was by far our best attacking player (as per usual outside of games when Rashford has a highlight reel moment). He's not Messi though, he doesn't carry games alone.
It's just a shame he gets no service so he has to drop deep for the ball and then try take on 5 players to get a shooting chance.
Been that way all season for the most part. As a player that has a connector role though he looks really bad when nobody is helping him out and linking back up with him.
[deleted]
It's not really all on Matic to create chances.  Lingard was offering him nothing, Rashford was sleepwalking from start to finish.  The pace of play from the entire team was lacking today.  Our legs seems to be mired in molasses.  Picking out Matic as the root cause of our failure in attack is absurd.
I agree. Arsenal focused on pressuring Fred and Lingard and let Matic have the ball. We played into their gameplan
I don't think so tbh. He made like two good passes but then slowed it down a lot I felt.
How the fuck was he decent, he slows up play every time he gets the ball and not one single inspirational pass all game. We need better midfielders  we suck not having Mcsauce Or Pog
He was good going forward. Made good passes too. But defensively he's not up to it. He struggles to keep up with the pace of the game. Arsenal were switching play all around him, we missed McTominay today precisely because of his dynamism and ability to sit in front of the back 4 and contest the midfield.
Arsenal were all over Fred. Forced him to make errors. Fair play on arsenal for doing it, took out the only player that could link our attack\n\nEdit: even then i srill think fred had a good game. Just wasnt as effective. Who was terrible was lingard. He looked lost
Fred running around a lot makes him look deceptively decent. His constant poor passing and decision-making leaves us exploited so often.
I think out of possession he\u2019s very sound and will do a good shift defensively but in possession he still leaves a lot to be desired, people will tell you he is okay in possession but those same people have forgotten what it\u2019s like to have a player like Carrick in the midfield who would rarely misplace passes and would always look for the forward ball instead of just playing it backwards or to the side. \n\nOur fans have begun to accept mediocrity and as Fred is slightly above average for his position, people love him. I am a big fan of him as i absolutely love his work rate and really hope he can fill a gap in our midfield, but realistically if we want to start pushing for Champions League football again, he\u2019s a rotation player and that\u2019s that.
Most accurate passer of all our mids today and he touched the ball nearly twice as often as matic... Only xhaka had a better  passing accuracy % than him of the mids on the pitch.. so no he didn't lose the ball frequently. And he gave away fouls in good positions, because that's what midfielders do... They cover their backline, something matic might want to try doing once in a while.\n\n\nEdit: went and looked further. Fred touched the ball most of anyone on the pitch today and had the 2nd best passing accuracy. On 40 more passes, than xhaka... So yeah, you're totally wrong.
No idea why he didn\u2019t start. Both teams legs were fucked up after the festive period and we needed rotation.
OK let's put Pereira and Lingard out of position on the wing and see what happens, oh wait we have they've looked at least just as bad.
They were playing CAM all season long so I'm not sure what you're on about.
Pereira or Gomes
Pereira was probably set aside because of fitness.\nAnd you have to be delusional to think a 18 year old player will have an impact on such a game.
And they\u2019ve all been true
PrOgReSs
Nah Smalling genuinely is good. Even said it while he was here. And posted i wouldn't be shocked if he outperforms Maguire and Lindelof.\n\nBut Lingard and Jones would not look out of place in relegation battling teams.
I dare say they would still play better there than they do here though
Shaw isn't good enough at defending and isnt good enough at attacking. He's bang average at both. We need to replace I reckon. A new LB and Brandon Williams.
We could play diego at LB, wasn't that where he started out?
Luke Shaw is a truly atrocious full back. 15-20 years ago he might have been serviceable but in this day and age he's awful. \n\nHe's terrible defensively, particularly his positional awareness. He's absolutely gutless going forward, constantly passes sideways or backwards and does nothing to help whoever is playing wide right in front of him. He has physical ability but lacks any kind of football IQ and ultimately I've not seen any improvement whatsoever in his entire time at United. If anything he's regressed. \n\nIt might seem harsh because he generally doesn't make glaringly obvious errors or misplace passes, but I truly believe he is holding United back as much as any other player/position in the side. \n\nUnited need to either buy a new left back or thrust Brandon Williams into the side and let him sink or swim. I've seen as much from him (in terms of potential) in the small sample size than I have from Shaw in pretty much his entire United career, including the purple patch before he was injured.
Shaw is just a left footed Valencia
No creative confidence in midfield. Fred worked his ass off for Lingardnto be invisible and Matic to do close to no defensive contributions the whole game. I\u2019d rather have Periera pair with Fred. At least he has energy , moves the bank quickly, and fight in him.
I honestly don\u2019t get what people see in Maguire, he was brought in to be van Dijk (or a Rio if you want) and he is no where near that yet people here stick up for him as if United fans owes him something.\n\nIf he wasn\u2019t British he would be grilleda long time ago. \n\nHe is not the CB leader to get united back to its glory days even though sure he\u2019s a better option than previous seasons.
> If he wasn\u2019t British he would be grilleda long time ago.\n\nTake a look at the thread, people are absolutely laying into him, and my comments defending him are getting downvoted.\n\nI get that he\u2019s maybe not the 80m guy that Van Dijk was, but Van Dijk was the final piece in that Liverpool team that was so good everywhere else. This United team is so bad in midfield that Maguire has to do a lot of their work too, and hold together a defensive line that could probably still use some other signings. \n\n> as if United fans owes him something.\n\nWe have got better in defence with his signing. A lot of that is Maguire\u2019s presence. I\u2019d like to see where we are with a real midfield because our defensive stats are up there with the better teams in the league and we suck at anything other than counter attacking football.\n\nI\u2019m pretty happy with the guy and would say he\u2019s had the impact we signed him for. Lindelof isn\u2019t the perfect partner for him as neither of them  are quick and none of our left back options are particularly brilliant defenders which means Maguire has to cover for them too. \n\nI\u2019d have liked to see him score a few of the fucking chances he\u2019s been getting from corners and free kicks, but for me, he\u2019s taking way too much stick for this particular game.
It's actually too kind.\n\nHis howler for the first goal, sleeping while Lindelof was pushing up, is something you would expect from Phil Jones
For some reason he's obsessed with the attacker and seems to forget about the ball as a result. Seriously infuriating
First goal isn't on him. He's the far post CB, he gets to decide the line. Lindelof **should not** try to move the line or play an offside trap without him.\n\nVictor's move is what opened the space. He doesn't know where Maguire is, he should not be doing that. Add on the Matic and Shaw are mispositioned and it's awful defending all around, but Maguire wasn't the main culprit\n\nEdit: /u/Dunkaegon makes a solid point that maybe one of them was in charge of the line no matter who's near or far post. I still think it's an error by lindelof because if he's in charge of that he gives the other defenders no time to react to his change. If Maguire or anyone else is in charge of the line, then Lindelof broke ranks and is still at fault IMO
It wasn\u2019t really a howler by Maguire. By the time the cross came in the attack was basically dead. If Matic doesn\u2019t come toward the ball and stays in his position it\u2019s a really easy interception.
Ok then, carnivore Chris Smalling
Imagine putting Aldi in the same bracket as Pound Stretcher.\n\nAldi is a fucking gem.
My mistake. I actually meant to say Lidl.
This is the best one lol.\n\nYou win mate!
All Carrick does is breathe with his mouth open and stare at McKenna's doodles.
Are you calling Carrick a mouth breather?
He's so out of his depth it's unbelievable, he's gonna ride it though fot those 7M a year as long as he can.
I comment this once, got downvoted to hell.\n\nNo passion at all.
Arsenal fan browsing through the comments here. Honestly the most and only trouble came in the first 15-20 minutes of the 2nd half. If we were toothless how would you describe United?
apocalyptically shit
Shaw for me was worse for our game than Lingard. He went back EVERY time and didn't once overlap.
Disagree. Williams moves forward, he passes quickly and that creates an attack. Pereira plays one-touch very well and can move the ball fast. Greenwood is a playmaker, his passing and decision making are great so he would help in creating chances whereas Dan James can only really run and cross.
Pathetic. He's proven time and again that he changes games and his passing ability would have made a massive difference.
Spoken like someone who has never seen Pogba play for us.\n\nGo back to reading The S*n.
Lol wrong on both counts. Spoken like someone who recognises that talent is more than just a couple of Hollywood passes and a different haircut every week.
Of the 8 games Pogba has played: \n\nWolves - D\nPalace - L\nSouthampton - D\nRochdale - D\nArsenal - D\nWatford - L\n\nNo Europa games
That was early in the season where the team looked lost and we lost quite a few players through injury. Now the attack has improved abit and Fred + McTominay were starting to find chemistry.\n\nI believe if we are able to play Fred, McTominay and Pogba we would be much better off. But that seems like an eternity away and I'm desperately hoping for us to sign some midfielders.
More
Everyone knew Maguire wasn't worth his price, but it was rationalised through \"we have money and need a centre back badly\". Looks even worse now that his replacement Soyuncu is the second best CB in the league now that Laporte is injured.
But who currently plays to their level when they're dropped into our team?
Yes but this is everywhere.\n\nMy point is that PL players and especially English players are overpriced. Maybe because English fans are desperate for domestic heroes, maybe because of some pride of the clubs to sell their good English player. \n\nAnd it is insane to see ESPECIALLY in defending positions, how in England bulk and physical strength is preferred to actuall footballing skill. You see Real CBs, Juventus CBs, Inter CBs, even physical rough Atletico CBs, they can all play with the ball down and are footballers, not rams. But here there is praise for players like Macguire (I do not say he is bad, he is just not top), prime Smalling and Phil Jones, Gary Cahill etc. Like seriously. At least City is buying the overpriced English defenders who DO have skill with the ball at their feet (Walker, Stones)
His people;*Raiola*\n\nOperation;*transfer*\n\nThat's my hunch. He's doing a Coutinho until the end of January
But for me there are two things that are \"weird\", first of all the injury itself, he seemed to be OK as he said on the last press conference that he was fit, that Pogba might play and then 2 days after not only he is not fit but that he will be our for 1 month, maybe more? It's weird, specially when it's known that Pogba wants to go.\n\nAnd then, it's they way he has said it, saying \"his people\" and not \"our staff\" or something similar. It's like when he recovered from the injury in Miami with \"his staff\" and not in Manchester with \"our staff\". To me it sound like  Ole and the club hasn't decided the way Pogba is dealing with this \"injury\"
It seems to me Pogba wants to go. 2 days ago he was alright, the club said he is in contention and it looks like he decided not to play today since \"his people recommended it\"
Never said Ole out. Managers don\u2019t always get it right/wrong. I\u2019m an Ole supporter.
If we had Pogba and Scott, this is a completely different game. I agree with you. I\u2019m Team Ole.
I think many reasonable people would be very happy with one good midfield signing.
Maybe reasonable but definitely not ambitious.
That's the reality.. but it's not what we NEED!
In the summer must of us hoped for a midfield signing to play with Pogba and Scott. In reality we look forward to a couple of months with Fred, Matic and Andreas/Lingard/Mata. And our board and manager doesn't seem to troubled by that.
I am sure that they are somewhat troubled by it just probably for the wrong reasons and probably not enough.
I would agree that 2 or 3 are essential to steady the team... But 5 decent quality players in specific positions would create competition for the current crop - that's a rebuild! We can't afford steady , we need a shakedown.
3 new starters every winter plus a summer signing plus youth players and we are fine.  We really don't need to buy in squad players ... we have a shit load of them.
Totally agree with this, but more than just stubbornness, I really think it\u2019s incapability. Ole looks like a fish out of water when the games going against us; utterly dismayed, but unable to see or effect any change in our game plan once his plan A has been exposed. His heart\u2019s in the right place, but he\u2019s shown us on countless occasion that he\u2019s just short of that top level coach we actually need with the squad we have. Needs a bit of a self awareness for sure.
[removed]
[removed]
It's been a funny season so far. Only Liverpool are performing well. Half the big 6 Weren't even in the top 6 untill recently where it's starting to look more normal. But nobody seems to take advantage of other teams slip ups
Yep, i can't believe you gave him a new deal after fatgate. He has no desire to be at the top of his game. It's actually embarrassing how far you've let your standards drop since SAF.
or its just that leicester city replaced him well
Both. He wears the armband but he\u2019s as effective as Ashley Young as our captain.
Young is better, genuinely. The way he slows a game down and shit houses, even with little things like telling the ball boys to take their time, plus he\u2019s not afraid to get in the ref\u2019s face. \n\nI think the Maguire captain thing is purely a decision made from a marketing/commercial stand point, record signing, marquee player from England squad etc... let\u2019s try to justify the price by giving him the armband. Makes no sense.
0 goal 0 assist in a year. How could it be a worse? Literally.
0 goals and 0 assists and playing worse.\n\nI typed that answer and you can take it literally.
So people upvote the post above and downvote you where you only added the comment about committing to the reboot.
Will any player be given a luxury that Lingard has? 0 assist and 0 goal in a whole year still get picked for first team games. I don't think any players in any club in the world can have that offer.\n\nI am 100% Angle Gomes will never ever be 0 goals/assist in a year. Why not even close to have a chance?
I can't tell if you are taking the piss out of the guy above you or not
He isn\u2019t getting this wage anywhere else in the world him and Lingard deserve the Sanchez treatment
I really can\u2019t think of what Shaw brings that Williams doesn\u2019t. If you asked me a few months ago, I might\u2019ve said defensively, Luke is better. But after watching Williams play and seeing how he\u2019s adapted, I think he\u2019s probably better than Shaw. He\u2019s got excellent acceleration, makes timely challenges and he\u2019s sharp. Shaw was literally marking nobody on that goal - completely fell asleep and didn\u2019t track his man.
Yeah it was. I'll appreciate it when I get home, but not tonight.
I'm from Australia and finally managed to make it up here. I understand the contempt for the Glazers and Woodward and all that, I do, but I needed to see all this stuff for myself.
That how Ole trains them to shoot, just take the shot, there is video from Molde training. They barely make any  short passes around the box.
Completely agree. If the consistency in performance and pattern of play was clear to see, it\u2019d be a lot easier to swallow these dire performances. But these shocking, passive performances have become more routine matchday after matchday, even with brief reprieves of quick counter attacking football and forcing/capitalising off defensive mistakes. I think we are often less than the sum of our parts in these performances and unable to react to that in-game, and that\u2019s clearly also a coaching/tactical issue - not just personnel. \n\nAnd moreover, I don\u2019t think I even forgave Ole for being happy to go into the season with the midfield we had - notwithstanding all the injuries - so I find it hard to feel much empathy for him. A competent manager surely would\u2019ve moved heaven and earth to bolster our midfield (with options outside those holding a British passport). Because neither our attack or defence can really gel until we figure that out - I don\u2019t accept that this season HAD to be a transition (read: write off) season.
The problem is if we are going for the high press approach, then every player should buy into the idea. Our press was so ineffective last night because there was always an easy pass into the middle because matic wasn't tracking someone. Fred was all over the pitch to compensate the lack of work rate in the midfield. If this carries on every match, am pretty sure he would go down to some form of muscular injury. We missed McT's work rate so much yesterday
I felt like martial was invisible at times and Fred had his moments but overall was too slow on the ball. Dan James was our best player by just sheer passion, I thought he was the only one out there that looked like he wanted to make a difference
Daniel James is an \u201caverage\u201d player. His transition has been good in my opinion.\n\nFred was shite last year, has improved this year.
The current United squad with Pogba in, is worse than Spurs team. He made use of the limited funds, and built his own team over 3 years. His team did worse or as bad as United this year, and he was sacked. \n\nIf your argument is, he built a team with limited funds and did well over a period of time. Why can\u2019t the same be extended towards Ole? He\u2019s had only one transfer window where he\u2019s brought in 3 players who\u2019ve immediately improved the squad. \n\nHe\u2019s also been behind revival of Fred, Rashford and Martial(a player who was going to leave). \n\nI am not saying Ole is the best in the world etc. I would rather give chance to Ole for some more time, than go through the ritual of another manager, another philosophy change.
I'd say utd is slightly worse than spurs but there's still at least 4 utd players that'd walk into their starting line up . \n\n I wouldn't give Ole any more time because I just don't believe he's good enough to turn the team's fortunes around, he's been there for over a year now and the team still has no style of play  and unlike Poch he hasn't proven he can manage a lower tier team in the league and improve their fortunes, Ole's greatest achievement outside of managing utd is getting sacked as Cardiff manager.
It still took a long time after the owners left to get where we are. I think thats a start but so many other issues. \n\nProbably biggest imo Overpaying for players like Pogba and Maguire. \n\nMaguire is poor, Evans is a better CB and he used to play for you. Pogba is lazy, has an attitude he will play for himself first and then the team. He wouldn't get in City or Liverpool as he is just on attitude.
In his defence, Bailly was playing RB against PSG
Yeah fair, my bad.
So many shit players and menories
He had the excuse of coming back from injury in a dysfunctional Mourinho side.
Very possible. Sheffield are a very well organized side and I wouldn't be surprised if we finished below them. We have no consistency.
We definitely won\u2019t with our current board
Agreed. We should be bullish with our transfers though. Should go to Villa and Leicester and make them offers they can\u2019t refuse. At the moment we are so complacent with our transfers. Grealish and Maddison in the centre of the park with a DM behind them would be fun to watch
Villa will not sell Grealish this window. Without him they guarantee their relegation which is worth a whole lot of money
Yeah it feels like when backs are to the wall we get a decent performance. Of course that\u2019s what you\u2019d expect to an extent, but the problem is that you very rarely see anything close to that effort level against a Watford or Palace, and we will just be reactionary instead of proactive unless we go behind. Of course some games like I mentioned the stars will align and we\u2019ll kill a game off by half time, but if we don\u2019t you know we\u2019re in for a long afternoon. \n\nIf we could play to those city/spurs game effort levels every week, or even 90% of it, we\u2019d be in the top 4 by a few points. I feel like you need the right balance of talent and effort/desire to be a top top team. We have a limited talent, and desire only on certain desirable occasions.
I think Romero should get a game - hes been better than De Gea in recent performances.
The players are as much to blame as Ole, there was no desire to win today. The players just looked so lethargic and never got anywhere near their best level
[deleted]
Also true. And we both know very well that none of both are happening
We will not finish Top 4 if we can't sign someone like them in January
He did. Best of the front 3 today.
My worry is not the inconsistency that normal part of rebuild, but I see no plan B, no tactical change to suit the games we are losing, while Arsenal showed that, I understand the manager bump and no they won't dominate, but you can start to see a way of playing and forcing their style of play, not only today but with Chelsea and the match before (they have shitty CBs which costs them) \nI really hope that Ole be successful at the club but after over a year can you tell me what's our plan B other than soaking pressure and hitting on the break? Ok we lack creativity but we don't even  try another style even with shitty players we have.\n\nAnd tbh I don't believe in this right players recruitment statement he keeps talking about, yes it's true in theory and not doing it has bit us back before like with Sanchez, but he wants to tell me there is no midfielders all over Europe that can help us or be bench players to come on we get injured players like now
Wan Bissaka at least tries, he defends well and he actually put in some decent crosses. What did Shaw do?
Does he though? He is so lethargic in his movement, saw him jogging back multiple times while Arsenal were running at us.
AWB is actually crossing the ball in games and trying to improve that area of his game. Shaw doesn't even try, he's a coward going forward
How can you say he is trying to improve that area of his game? Are you at the practice facility or something? These types of excuses for one player is exactly what I am talking about.
No he wasn't tho? Defensively was fine, put ina great cross. The Goal was Shaws fault, he got ripped by Pepe and has no threat going forward.
This is spot on. Just because there are other problems such as the board and squad, that isn\u2019t a reason to keep an incompetent manager.
There's no point changing the manager if theres no change in the top. Nothing will change from the last 7 years.
Hiring a good manager would be solid imo, we haven't done so in around a decade
Torriera would walk into our team.
Mate, they would never have signed without promises of significant purchases.
All 3 of his signings are among our best players of the season. I think we have to give him the chance because our cycle of abandoning projects a few years in is sucking us even further into this pit of despair.
Yeah, he just bought the best English RB in the league and the best English CB in the market. He totally scouted them lol.
[deleted]
The board is.
And I got 100+ downvotes on reddits for saying Lingard is probably one of the worst midfielder in Premier League before the season starts.
Arsenal were really good this time though. They pressed hard and that made us make a lot of silly mistakes. Ozil had tonnes of free space every time he had the ball (I guess a slow Matic was tasked to mark him) and Pepe was having a good run.
Arsenal are a poor side but were extremely well coached*
Damn true
Ohh I meant time off lol. As in off the pitch \ud83d\ude02
I\u2019m Sure he could voluntarily suspend his employment without pay - let\u2019s not get carried away thinking he\u2019s making his siblings dinner every night and running them to after school programs.  He\u2019s fuxking Rich. He hires people. I\u2019m not suggesting his situation doesn\u2019t suck but a lot of other people have the same situation and manage to do their job competently without the millions he has in the bank.  \n\nHe\u2019s just not good enough.  And he\u2019s at his prime.  They need to sell him now or at least send him to a championship team\nFor a year on loan to show him what life is going to be like if he doesn\u2019t get his shit together.  Maybe scoring on easier opponents will give him some Confidence.
I got that. I am saying, that his time at the club is up.
No Arsenal played really well, since Arterta has came in they have been excelent and should of beat chelsea and bournmouth but got unlucky.
They\u2019ve been playing well, but have not had the results. It\u2019s slowly implementing a vision, a real game model. You can see the difference in structure in their pressing and their buildup. They\u2019re already making passing triangles and diamonds that have us looking like a Sunday league side with Solskjaer in charge and Arteta hardly has the players to implement anything close to what he wants. Losses are losses, even if Chelsea was down to two individual mistakes. Just like we lost against Watford.\n\nArteta has shown a lot of good stuff so far and I won\u2019t be surprised if they continue to improve, but either way this is his first ever win as a manager which can\u2019t really be called the form of a \u201cnew manager bounce.\u201d
Janitorial
You need to read things more thoroughly, I never said all of them
Yup. We haven't seen him grow. He hardly contributes. I think he has regressed.
Obviously any English club will have a majority of its youth being English. Doesn't mean our transfer targets have to be exclusively English where we overpay massively for average-good players. We are breaking transfer records on the wrong players.
[removed]
Agree completely. But think back to 10 years ago - if a player was injured you had players to come in with equal enough quality. It's a depth issue within the squad currently that needs to be addressed. We'll see how this month goes.
Oh I'm not arguing against that either. Just saying that McT is a huge loss, especially like you said we're so short.
I still can't believe Lingard is at the club. Arsenal deserved the win and fair play to them, the thing that really pissed me off is seeing him getting more chances.
Exactly. If ur going to spend 80mil on fuckin Maguire u might aswell go for Koulibaly who's the worlds best. There were guys like Ruben Dias who is cheaper, younger, and arguably better than Maguire aswell.
Or even some of the nasty fuckers in the Serie A. The type that will not let a striker get past, the type who will put the fear of god into a striker. I watch a bit of the Serie A and trust me, there are some dangerous centre-backs in that league.
koulibaly would've cost like 120m though, which is maybe a bit much considering hes also a bit older and from a different league where defenders from that league tend to struggle in the prem.
The way they play with average Full backs shows their gonna become good...
Aubameyang is fantastic with the ball at his feet and links up seamlessly with his teammates. Rashford is *good* with the ball at his feet, but his decision making is shocking at times.  \n\nA knee jerk reaction would be saying Ole needs to go. Asking for an improvement in personnel that\u2019s been obvious for the last few years is common sense and nothing more.
Thank you for the first reasonable comment I\u2019ve seen. We started this season with a paper thin squad. How is that Ole\u2019s fault.
We genuinely don't have creativity though, that's not a knee jerk claim. You need it from the fullbacks or the middle these days and we have neither when Pogba is out. Much work to be done in the market, nothing left to take from the academy.
\u201cOne poor result\u201d
He said he was going to push out the deadweight but we lost actual useful players and have kept the real deadweight and in some cases offered them new contracts. Pogba leaving will be the nail in the coffin. All the people talking about trusting Ole because of his business in the summer have some explaining to do. None of our signings have been great. Maguire has massively underperformed and the other 2 have been decent but not good enough for the club we want to be. The standards are in the gutter right now. Ole is getting away with murder.
Yeah man I agree. I want Ole to work out here but I'm not seeing anything that points toward that happening. Our signings have been good but you really have to look at them individually and who they replaced to realise that the reality is they replaced very underwhelming players, of course they're going to look much better than they are. Maguire and Lindelof are literally never in sync, AWB is a beast individually for sure but as a defensive unit we're actually terrible. What's worse is that we aren't any good in attack either, so what exactly are we good at? Counterattacking sometimes? We were doing that before Ole. I know the players are behind him and I'm sure that's better than the toxic situation we had with Mourinho but that doesn't mean it's the ideal situation either. Best we move on because once we lose Pogba, we've got a championship midfield. I'm not blaming this all on Ole either, the entire coaching stuff & recruitment in general has been an absolute joke for years before Ole ever came, but he still isn't the solution is all I'm saying. Tactically he got eaten alive today by a guy who was putting out training cones for Pep a month ago, that's awful. We made Luiz look like Maldini somehow. Pepe, who I personally rate btw, has not hit the ground running at all but still almost had a brace in 15 mins against us.
People vastly underestimate this fact. It's a big deal. No one established is going to coem play for Ole. We have to get lucky with people who want to break through
I completely agree with you on both points however at this point I'm also wondering how much the wankers in the board want to spend money on transfers, this is such a fucking mess
Good for you
Bruv the only reason Poch isn\u2019t coming right now is we would have to pay him 15m and ole I think 12m which is 27m...
Yes but apparently poch is holding off till summr due to a clause in his contract with tottenham about the compensation fee for the sacking. If he takes a job before the end of the season he doesnt get any of the money.
Id take young over him rn. Forgive me lord
[removed]
[removed]
Wait till we play Wolves..
10 wins in 31 mate
So? 5th is 5th.
I blame the manager a lot and am subsequently downvoted into oblivion.\n\nPeople believe some fairy tale here, Ole is not the answer. Maybe as a DoF but not as a manager. He does not have the pedigree or credentials to manage United.\n\nAs for the owners - it's a problem but come on. This United team under a good manager is not dropping points bottom half teams.
Ed Woodward, Matt Judge and the owners + board are by far the biggest problem at Man United. Surely the last managerial change from Jose to Ole has made this crystal clear that this is hardly to do with the manager anymore. Its hard to do a good job as manager when you have both arms tied behind your back so to speak.
I blame both
Just wait till the end of the season before we make any changes to the manager. Clean slate, proper window to get players, no immediate pressure for results. If we win some silverware under Ole, then re-evaluate. No point getting a new coach with an injury hit squad and lack of quality/depth right now.
Facts I think this is the best thing, let other crops of manager like naglesmann and ten Haag also be open to negotiations and see how we do this season...
I think this is fair. Surely it\u2019s beyond doubt that if we miss top 4 / trophies then Ole is gone?\n\nPersonally I think he should have been sacked months ago but here we are. We might as well see out the season.
Yeah we could buy a LB. But if we think Williams can reach top level, we should give him the starting spot and save some money.\n\nOle is easing him in and I get that, but he seems ready for regular game time.
Feel like we're putting too much pressure on the young lad. He's not Greenwood and never was thought to be in the youth teams growing up.
I would cry if we signed anybody, let alone Bruno Fernandes.
Our time to sign him was sadly last summer. Just give me a midfielder who is creative for the love of God.
$$$$$$$$$$$$
To be fair though we didn't play on the counter against Newcastle, and it didn't sound like we did against Burnley either.\n\nWith the Newcastle game I was somewhat sceptical because Newcastle are, to be frank, fucking awful. However, Burnley are a pretty solid defensive outfit so it seems that Ole does have it in him to break down a good solid defensive structure.
How many of our goals against them was because of an individual mistake? Like I'm not saying we did nothing to proke the mistakes but I remember at least 2 goals agianst Newcastle and 1 goal against Burnley
First goal against Burnley that you guys scored was them handing it over on a plate, and the second goal was when Burnley went mad trying to get a goal so it was a cakewalk.\n\nUnited were really struggling to breakdown Burnley besides all that.\n\nAs for Newcastle, when they scored first, they kept attacking instead of sitting back which is what anyone with one brain cell would do against United especially a goal up, plus 3 out of their 4 goals were given on a plate.
Nothing wrong with matic or fred. However they both occupy the same area of midfield and they're not really suited together.
Agree apart from Fred's freekick. All you can do is laugh and move onto next game. Wouldnt have gave the win so didnt ruin his performance
I really liked the thread, could sense the bitterness that made me feel like someone understands my pain :')
Yea well Woodward is a fucking muppet
Your too kind.
Offer them fuck tons of money then!!! I don't want the fucking longstaff brothers over here and for ole just fuckoff please please fuckoff
This idea was heavily ciritized when Ole was doing his thing.. sign players who want to play for the club lol...
>People talking about tactical naivety need to realise that we don't have players with different skillsets to actually impact the game and play it in a different way. \n\nI think Luke Shaw at LB was a mistake. Williams was man of the match against Burnley, which should merit another start because you have to reward form. \n\nWilliams is much more agile than Shaw, who everybody knows hates playing against tricky wingers because he often gets turned inside out, so maybe Williams would have been a better fit to get up in Pepe's grill and give him a good battle. As it was, Shaw appeared scared to get tight to Pepe, wouldn't attack down the left for fear of leaving a gap and let Pepe get comfortable in the game which ultimately meant Arsenal's whole front three posed a threat.
I didn\u2019t say Matic shouldn\u2019t have started I said he should\u2019ve been given protection with another runner in midfield that can actually tackle and not Lingard. Pereira would\u2019ve worked better than Lingard but maybe he was tired we can only speculate. In any case I said the main problem is personnel and we need a bigger squad I just don\u2019t think Ole is completely faultless for team selection and tactics.
Periera played 2 games in 3 days before this one. And given Lingards performances against the 'big' teams of spurs and city i can understand putting him back in for this game. \n\nThe fact he played like shit just shows hes not good enough.
As Arsenal have shown tonight, good tactics can make a player play drastically better. We invited them on, they played expressive football while we cowered at the back. I think you're massively underestimating the importance of tactics tbh
I think you\u2019re massive over estimating it. You have to turn up and battle and outwork your opponent and then you can play football. We didn\u2019t do that. Arsenals tactics looked great because they had the freedom of London to do whatever the hell they wanted without a single united player bothering to work hard and take away space.
the coach is constantly talking about how he has the say on transfers and we only do deals if they are what he wants, whether that is accurate or not he has said it multiple times so he has to accept the responsibility on that one.
He has a say in that they have teams of scouts and analysts in different locations looking for specifically identified player profiles. \n\nThey\u2019ll put together a pack on a player and present it. Ole will take me input from other coaches and give a yes or no. \n\nWhether the deal gets done with the other club and contract is agreed with a player is a different matter.
If you want to debate and discuss the game, I'm more than happy to. But if you can't do it without randomly filling a rant with personal insults then I won't be engaging
Tbh, that has more to do with how shit Spurs and Arsenal have been and mostly not down to how good/bad we've been.
We had 1 shot in the entire half and it was Rashford after about 30 seconds from like 35 yards. After that, we sat back and let them attack with no real attempts to counter. I'm shocked that I need to explain that.
Ok, so no explanation whastoever about our setup. Just that we failed to create chances. Thanks.
5 points behind 4th, 13th points behind man city in third with teams like wolves and arsenal sniffing behind us, that 5th place isn't going to stay 5th for much longer. \n\nTeams like watford showed ambition and it got them rewards, we show no interest, guess what we got today
But in the last few seasons our spend has slowed down and we seem to be conscious of net spend eg: we bought Maguire but then recouped that with the Lukaku money, we\u2019ve neglected key areas of our team for years and not adequately replaced the players we\u2019ve let go whatever you think of Rom and Herrera they needed replacing and we didn\u2019t. \n\nI\u2019m not saying we haven\u2019t wasted money in the past but that\u2019s down to poor structure: changing managers regularly with different s styles and specific demands of players, Ed getting blindsided by star names, no dof to give an overall plan so our squad is an amalgamation of multiple mangers players who don\u2019t fit well together to make a coherent squad.
Hitting teams on the break is still a style of play but as I said, is limited. I'm willing to bet people would not complain as much if the playstyle remained the same but we had pogba over matic and a better attacking midfielder to get through low blocks.
having one tactic is not good enough for manchester united, it's downright pathetic.
I'd immediately say a creative attacking midfielder and Pogba replacement now that it unfortunately looks like he is going to go. I'm not saying Ole isn't part of why we lost today. The starting lineup should have been better and he doesn't seem like he can adapt to opposing teams changes. But the fact remains, if we had better players, the score would definitely be different.
Because knowing Ed and the board, whatever Ole and the media spews out seems to always be more optimistic than reality
Yeah but when did they know that Pogba wasn't going to play?
From Oles reaction, later than we would have wanted.
I agree Fred played well today. But our attack today was very bad. We need a creative CAM to create chances for our 3 forwards. Also, Fred cannot play every game or he will be gassed out especially the number of games this January. We need someone to cover for him from time to time. How I wish Pogba or Scot comes back soon!
Completely agree. You convince a player to sign by giving them game time and show they are a key part of the squad. If i was Angel sure as hell wouldn\u2019t go on Ole\u2019s word which at this point means sweet fuck all as he\u2019ll probably be fired.
Any midfield including an ancient matic and lingard doesn\u2019t stand a chance
'With these downgrades, we never stood a chance'
Not true
the shareholders are 95% glazers i thought
Possibly being cautious due to the fact he had shit beside him and behind him. Honestly think he played well today, as well as he could have anyways. Martial was fine also and James did nothing wrong on the ball. Lingard was non existent to the point that even pereira looked good when he came on and he did nothing special but at least he got involved. Maguire also deserves a mention for a particularly poor game.
dunno why james got taken off, shouldve been matic off, lingard cm, either greenwood or periera on for him.. greenwood is too slow on the counter tho i feel, he doesnt transition quick and always chooses the side pass, expected from an 18 year old tho
Matic had a fine game, disrespectful to just say he had shit behind him.
