It\u2019s the hope that kills you.
No it\u2019s the weights around my ankles jumping into a river is what kills me, this result just made that choice for me
[called it here](https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/do7y6u/andy_mitten_ole_gunnar_solskjaer_can_breathe_a/f5l93ne/)
Probably repeat for the next 60
Twenty steps back
Might as well have kept LVG.
bullshit, deserved draw against liverpool who had won about 7 million games in a row, and then a comfortable away win against norwich, aswell as that away win at stamford bridge, all of this with the only world class outfield player united has out injured. this was a very poor perfomance but that doesent mean the previous games were not much better
Get to fuck haha, I mean yes we are bad but are we relegation bad? No. Clearly a joke on every level
No Fortunately there are worse teams than us....
I mean, it probably isn't. There was a very real possibility that we were going to head into the Norwich game in 16th place. Thankfully, Newcastle didn't hold on to win. But these are very real situations we now need to deal with.
They don't need to sit back when they know they're better
Yeah, but then we actually play well. Pretty easy what our weakness is.
Because for the last few years our midfield has been genuinely the worst for a top 6 club in any league across europe
Yep... Lindelof and Maguire putting in better passes from our half than our midfielders do up close.
>\ta top 6 club\n\n\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\n\n\u2639\ufe0f
At least we had Lukaku who could actually score against the lower teams.
If we\u2019re in the bottom half of the table around Christmas, I wouldn\u2019t be surprised if he\u2019s gone around then. Don\u2019t think it\u2019ll be sooner than that.
But but he calls them adorable names - Rashy, Chongy, Youngy. How dare you respect the almighty
Norwich didn\u2019t exactly sit back and we put 3 past them.
It\u2019s supposed to be a rebuilding year for Chelsea too and look at how they\u2019re going. \n\nI expected top 6 at least, not stuck in midtable.
Young and Fred weren't even that bad today, AWB and Lindelof making massive defensive brainfarts is more worrying
This is AWB\u2019s worst game for us so I\u2019ll mark that as an anomaly. Lindelof on the other hand has made some bizarre choices. Lindelof today was a big reason for the King goal, man just stared at him as King brought the ball down, took a touch, and wacked it in
Young gave away a free kick on the edge of the box when there was no danger? Fred who consistenly smashed the ball into row Z when we had nice passages of play? Geez your standards are dropping
Fred was diabolical and easily our worst player. He plays the most important position on the pitch and delivered nothing.
The day I see someone on this sub finally spell Pereira correctly, I will eat my own shit.
I mean Lindelof has been getting bullied physically all season. And tbh I'm far from impressed by Maguire so far either. He had a pretty poor game today aswell imo.
Lindelof has been a liability all season so far.
Yep. Liverpool winning the cl ended any concern about any other team. Just want us to be somewhat competent again. Liverpool winning the premier league is a matter of time I've basically accepted it
They did in the last 15 mins
But for the other 75, they attacked us. They had more chances, more shots and looked more dangerous.
[deleted]
No they didn't. First 10 minutes of that second half they were all over us. It was only when Greenwood and Williams came on that they just sat off us. \n\nMake no mistake, Bournemouth played football today. Wasn't just a park the bus job from them.
And he leaves either in January or at the end of the season. Can you imagine how shambolic we're gonna look then?
It's not the lack of Pogba as so much  the players that play in his stead
yeah he wont win you a game you shouldn't, which is what you really need from someone that wants to play that role. Lingard falls into this category as well. Apart from a stretch two years ago, he just does not deliver the product. Both projects should be dumped when possible and take as much change from anyone willing to pay it.
He\u2019s the epitome of a nothing player.
Yeah so he is the epitome of a Utd player
He's not that tidy on the ball though. His touch is poor and he messes up easy passes.
He's the equivalent of putting the bottle of water next to the bowl of cereal and staring at it for 2 hours.
Where did you get this from? This sub absolutley does not like Pereira.
They bloody love him.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/dqbl2o/ole_gunnar_solskjaer_hopes_teenagers_tahith_chong/f632kn8
LOL. This sub was was all let's give Perreira a chance at the start of the season. This sub even gave shit to Ole at one point for not playing Fred. They've even convinced themselves that McTominay is a good player.
Mata is just as bad. Its like a cycle. A player gets deservedly benched for a while and his stock rises while his replacement is shit.\n\nMata is finished at this level. At least Lingard and Pereira offer legs
Depends on the game. Last 30 minutes against a team parking the bus, legs are not worth much. Mata is much more useful in such a situation. For these games we need clever players and those that are good in the air. We had none of this on the pitch when we needed a goal at the end of this game.
I've played accidental passes Sunday league.
The best part is no one but you knows it was an accident.
Clearly not accidental though. Peach of a ball.
Not sure if it was accidental or not, but it did shock me that he finally played such a great pass, and with his weaker foot! (I\u2019m assuming thats why pple tend to think it was probably a misplaced shot?)
That was 100% a shot
Right, not really debatable, but people love to give him excessive shit because he's not from the academy
It's because he's a player bought for 50m at a prime age and he is absolutely not good enough for this league. He's not even mid table quality.
No it's because his shooting is shocking
Maybe people would let him off more like Scott if he played like him for the past month.
Stop this BS. He had a rare game in which he was better than Scot and I still feel he killed our attack more often than Scott did by losing possession.
How do you blame Fred in this game? McT has done a lot more mistakes and was even worse but he is from academy so nobody blames him, there was 0 positive impact from Martial and nobody blames him either, why blame Fred who played better than the rest of our midfield and attack except James?
Did I blame Fred for this loss?? I don't know why everyone suddenly wants to defend Fred, but he's simply not good enough, he looks so poor on the ball. I get that he puts a shift in but if you honestly think he deserves to stay at this club based on what he brings to the team, I don't know what to tell you. I really don't rate Pereira either but McTominay has shown glimpses that he can become a big player for us this season, I just don't see it in Fred at all. Once again we almost need a whole new midfield.
Every forward ball from him was poor
Very rarely if ever sees a pass through the lines, it\u2019s always Maguire or Lindelof picking out our forwards. We really need more creativity in midfield
The fact that Lindelof was the most creating player from 50-70 mins says alot about the midfield.
Honestly thought Fred was alright today. McT had a very poor game. Idk maybe it's a matter of expectations, But relying on either of them for creativity is a problem.
I agree, its pretty unrealistic to expect creativity from a 50m central midfielder. \n\nWhat purpose does Fred actually serve?
Our midfield has no creativity
I didn\u2019t think he had that bad of a game. That pass to Greenwood was nice
We had to wait 80 minutes for that
zero creativity, zero brain
Zero everything, if we're being honest.
It's just you\n\nHe's got NEGATIVE creativity
No guts, no skill, nothing
Same with Pereira
I have read both early December and early January so idk
He's had one mediocre game, but the way he's been recently and the way he's improving, he should be given a start.
Yep. There was a chance in first half for him to play a longer, harder pass for James to chase but he played it sideways to AWB instead. The pass was on, James was free.
And I looked like a villain when I said we need cool expectations after his impressive month
He was though wasn't he. Just look at both starting 11s
No left foot
This is a professional footballer. You need to be able to kick with both feet.
Hello west coast friends
*Cries in PST*
You're absolutley right. Martial must have been caught offside on simple balls in to him 5+ times today. That's as bad a performance as anyone out there today.
He's the only creative midfielder we have, everyone else is so predictable and easy to defend against when you drop deep
specialist in failure
lol I saw that and thought the same thing. It was masochism.
Pogba when ole just arrived, don't remember the match......or was that an open play cross.....can't remember.
It was a volley not a header.
Ok, my memory fails me. It was a squandered chance
It's also annoying when people say the name Manchester United as if it's supposed to be synonymous with quality.
Januzaj 2.0
I'm seeing a bit of hate against Fred, which I consider is harsh.  He *definitely* had a not-great game, but jaysus, in terms of creativity, at the start of that second half, in front of him was Martial, Rashford, James and Pereira, *their* irrelevancy cost us a helluva lot more.\n\nAnd I'm saying this absolutely *not* as a Fred fan, and absolutely in favour of replacing him with a better player.\n\nCompare what our boys did to their defenders, compared to what King and Wilson did to ours.  They caused us problems every time, and held up damn near every ball that went to them.
Literally last PL game lmao.
short memories here apparently
[deleted]
Last week
At the start of 2017-18 when we were beating everyone 4-0. Miss those days :/
Last 30 mins of chelsea?
When Fred and Pereira are two of our best available midfielders I don't think formation matters too much. With good players we'd be absolutely capable of winning this game with a 4-2-3-1
Mourinho days probably
They didnt sit back they were just organised and  compact, its the benefit of a decent manager
352 still has 3 midfielders. The only formation that doesn't use 3 midfielders is 343 - a formation that barely anyone plays
Yeah, 3 is the right number of midfielders, I'm saying. \n\nIf we're playing 4-2-3-1 that has 5 in the middle, which is how we started the game. 4-4-2 also has more midfielders than the 3-5-2. Not sure what you are talking about?
It frees the full backs more to play as wingers. So really we're only playing with 3 rather than 4 at the back. That's the short of it.
Wan Bissaka in attack \ud83e\udd22.
Our wingbacks get into the game more, we're more secure at the back, and the forwards link up better as they're all narrow instead of playing out in the channels.
Our wingbacks are not something amazing, if we had TAA and Robertson then sure, we could rely on them but we have AWB and Shaw/Young who are not that good in attack
Our starting fullbacks are so great at attacking
How do you figure. We\u2019ve been winning and drawing with 3atb
Against Chelsea we haven't created anything and scored from 2 set pieces. Against Liverpool we haven't done anything except the goal too, 3atb won't help our attacks when we're in possession at all, it will help with counterattacks but we can't just play counterattacking football every game
To be fair, when we play 3 at the back we tend to end up with more men forward. With 4-2-3-1 we end up with basically 6 at the back with young completely out of position
Three at the back in theory should help you attack cause your two side centre backs almost act as full backs whilst your wing backs act as wingers when you're attacking.
Henderson can't play against us.
Didn\u2019t know that, thanks!
It's all about the project. Of course that right now you can't sign him, but if you have a project, if you have a manager that people want to play for him, you can sign a lot of players, even if next year you don't play Champions league. I'm saying that we have that coach or that plan, but for only 30 millions, there are very few best strikers than him and also is from the same era as rashford james and martial.
But United don't have a project or a manager that players wants to play for so your comment is moot.
Exactly my thoughts. It's pathetic.
Already we have done this against West Ham and Newcastle that I have watched live, and it was infuriating as much as it was sad to see.
Bruno Fernandes seems a good shout. With how Leicester are flying I don't think Maddison would leave. I agree with you about Pogba at 10 though
I look forward to this sub tearing Bruno Fernandes a new arsehole for losing possession so often.
Its exactly like United under Fergie
Yeah, but that 5 min injury time is ridiculous.
It\u2019s the hope that kills me.
It's something that works out for us occasionally, yeah. Not really what we set out to do lol
I do think Ole has somewhat started a culture shift as far as transfer targets and player work rate. However, I think Ole and the coaching staff are way, way out of their depth. Ole in particular has shown he is tactically inept.
None of these players have the ability to get into any Fergie team except for De Gea maybe.
This is the reason I want to get into Buy out funds and then axe all these board and managers running the club.
Shit manager and shit board/owners are possible in parallel. No need to slate a guy.
You don't have a fucking clue.
and I love most of the time when they go down, you see Klopp smiling, without any nerves at all..\n\n\nThat is really hard, it shows his confidence in the team
He's great when we're not possession of the ball but it games like this when you need creativity and to open up defences, he's just not got it. At least yet.
McTominay has always been poor on the ball. Great at tackling and recovery but ball progression, passing and creativity. Zero
I agree
Exactly this. Absorb this information instead.
[removed]
Well he's not is he
Been absolute mediocre
