Chelsea dropped points guys we should\u2019ve seen it coming
Going close to the Top 4 when others drop points, sorry we dont do that here.
Don't even put that out in the atmosphere
I just assume it's going to happen.
Wolves are a good team and they do this to every big team.
This sub still rates them as a midtable club, though. I despise playing against them and I'm content they didn't shithouse their way to a win with some Ra\u00fal the Wide Eyes bullshit.
Chelsea trashed them 5-2 at their own place earlier this season. \n\nThey are a good team, but nobody else struggles against them as consistently as we do.
Many in this sub would trash Pogba for his performances last season. At the end his stats were very impressive and everyone realized how much he was creating but we just lacked finishing or quality runs. Martial, Rashford, Alexis, Dan James. We have the wingers but need that CF so they can play in the roles that suit them best.
Totally agree on Pogba getting unfairly criticized for the same sort of performance
Have Dan and Pogba even shared the pitch?
This is why I wont be mad if he leaves. He's got the potential to win everything, but our ambition in the market doesn't match. \n\nRooney held the club to ransom so they'd invest, we did.
Its gonna take years for this team to achieve anything. He doesn't have that time
He is a peach amongst plums.
Get in line pal
> if we didnt sign Bruno the place would have been empty at 68. \n\nSays who? Just because there was a post going around at /r/reddevils? There was clearly a lot of conflict about that, particularly due to the 58' remembrance.
Chelsea game is in 2 weeks. It's the mid-season break now. Ighalo will be ready.
Don\u2019t you put that evil on us!
You know it's happening
And the FA cup
Played them 4 times already and only beaten them once... not a good look at all.
Better way to look at if you\u2019re not being pessimistic.\n\nWolves have got a reputation of being a very good side, and we are undefeated to them in 4 games this season despite losing twice within a week last season showing a definite improvement.
Was kind of an awkward angle for him, I think the chance was more difficult than it looked
Aerodynamics
Every time I watch one I tell myself I'd prefer the other to play.
Your friend sounds pretty stupid to be honest.
What's stupid about it? He could be right.
And I thought Victor put in a hell of a shift. Our back four is better than I think they get credit for outside our fan base.
His reading of the game was spectacular today.
He has always been brilliant.
He got spun pretty bad by Jota in the box who wasted the chance but all in all a solid performance\n\nEdit: I mean this isn\u2019t really controversial as it undisputedly happened...
Not really, Traore got the better of Shaw alot too.\n\nIt was a good battle
I have to keep reminding people that Luke Shaw is a very capable footballer, people on here just go with the narratives.
I was close to losing my mind the week or so the popular notion was that Luke Shaw was now bad, had pretty much always been bad, and in fact even \"that one season he was good\", he was actually just average. \n\n\"You won't see Luke Shaw making those runs\" they said, after Brandon Williams made some impressive offensive runs. It really should be possible to credit Williams (which we should!) without putting down Shaw.
He was our player of the season last year. Not sure why everyone is acting like he\u2019s never been good for us.
Christ almighty you guys keep falling for this shit and it's hilarious. Terrible player plays terribly for 11 months, has a few decent games and suddenly it's \"people have been too quick to write him off\". Our fullbacks are shit, no other top 6 team would take them. Stop being content with mediocrity!
Except, personally, I\u2019ve not thought he was terrible for 11 months.
It's a pity he's extremely awkward on the ball. Uncomfortable on the turn and seems rather predictable or short on the confidence to try anything different. Solid enough though.
[deleted]
Valencia was leagues better than AWB offensively after his transition for a few seasons.
16/17 Valencia was miles ahead of AWB, he singlehandedly covered our right flank for nearly two seasons
Allow it Valencia had a world class cross in him
Been saying it for a while, I am not against the idea of playing Dalot against deep sitting sides in general. Maybe not for this game because Wolves are capable of expertly exploiting the space behind the RB, but in general this is something we can at least try.
Wan-Bissaka has been awful offensively, especially today.
True, it wouldn't really be an issue if our other fullback was great going forward. Problem is Shaw's attacking output isn't very good either so AWB's deficiencies going forward hurt us even more.
His last play was very nice. He can at least show good flashes. Hopefully he can improve on that as he matures.
Im not saying he\u2019s faultless, but it would help if he wasn\u2019t so isolated. He has absolutely no one overlapping with him. He\u2019s often left 1v2. Paired with a decent winger with pace he could improve his offensive output.  \n\nEdit: just realised he has James but I\u2019ve often seen it where the two aren\u2019t overlapping and 1 drifts inside. Perhaps it\u2019s a chemistry issue.
James needs and break.
Horrible in attack... Its crazy
He does need to improve that side of his game but tbf a lot of the time it was literally just him on that right side with no support. Looked a bit better when we switched James over to his side in the 2nd half
Agreed. And he usually a free option in good positions with lots of space. He hasn't taken advantage of that enough.\nWon't be surprised if teams actually leave him open at an option on purpose since they know he's toothless in attack.
I\u2019d rather a fullback who can defend rather then attack at the moment.
Williams or Young closed him down. Shaw delivered nothing offensively. He epitomises Ole ball.
>Williams or Young closed him down\n\nThis season? When? \n\n>Shaw delivered nothing offensively.\n\nBullshit, he was good offensively today
I actually thought Shaw was more adventurous going forward than we have seen this season, especially considering the ineptitude of Pereira down that side. Even put in a threatening cross which no one met. He was at his best last year when he was interchanging Pogba down that left channel. A consistent XI will do wonders for him.
He did well to hold up defensively but seemed tentative in attack. But we have the same problem down both wings with Rashford injured, being that there is no proper winger making runs.
Spot on. United isnt a top team at the moment.
>  Brandon Williams is far better\n\nLmfao. Shaw was in TOTS at Southampton and won POTY here. I don't think either Poch or Mou think he's crap lad.
He needs to go
And Greenwood should've come on for Pereira at 1'
That late?
Ole for ya
He came in when Traore was off and stayed up all the time while James contributes a lot defensively. Do people not understand the games and just make stupid comments?
This is Ole, early subs aren\u2019t allowed
What is Ole actually thinking though when he doesn't make the subs? Is he just thinking \"Ah, it'll be alright I'll give it another half hour\" before bringing on players
Subs in last 5 games:\n \n**City**- 45th min, **Rochdale** 45th min, **Burnley**- 45th min, **Liverpool**- 74th min, **Wolves**- 64th min
88th minute substitution, was it? Come on now, you have to make that change much earlier for him to affect the game.
He shoulda come on earlier than that. Amazing how long Pereira stayed on the pitch.
James is out of form, Pereira is shite and Mata offers. Nothing at RW.
True. He needs to work on his dribbling in tight spaces. He is very predictable in what he does. Unless we use the counter-attack tactic, he isn't effective.
And he is so weak! I really wonder why the refs don't seem to think he's getting fouled. You always see wee pacey players like him getting numerous fouls but refs seem to hate him for some reason.
Absolutely! He was consistently trying to get into the box and was also very quick with his touches on that left side.
Right back to left winger, the reverse Ashley.
He's great when he has space to run in, his crosses are usually decent too though.
If I speak i am in big trouble
Una bandejita paisa ahora mismo no estar\u00eda nada mal
Just call them gorditas for maximum drama
Obviamente colombianas parcero
Let's be honest we all knew it wasn't going to happen. Internet fans aren't reflective of the match going fanbase.
Nah,  he walked alot too.  If he wasn't our front man, he'd be a dog walker.
Yeah when he chased down that shit pass from Bruno and won a corner, but that couldn't have been Martial cus all he did was walk. Combined with the multitude of amazing passes we played to him, amazing how he didn't run for any of them.
Blocked mata on a great run towards goal as well
Chorizo, queso y huevo chamo
People need to wake up to the fact that he isn\u2019t good enough to be a starting 9 for us, even if he\u2019s improved a lot of aspects to his game.
No, he\u2019s not getting enough flak for that performance. He was absolute dogshit. The worst I\u2019ve ever seen him. \n\nNot only did he lose the ball every time he got it, he stole chances off others *and then* lost the ball.\n\nIghalo with coronavirus would be an improvement on that.
Don't even bother trying to reason with these wheelchair experts analysts. The guy got man marked because Wolves knew how useless the rest of the team is. I know James is a really likeable lad but he got a lot of space and did fuck all. He was so wasteful it looked like Bruno gave him a hairdryer.\n\nThe team provided absolutely zero service to Martial and gave him shit passes while he was marked.
Did you watch the match? He offered zero movement and when he did get the ball, he lost it. Abysmal performance.
He got a free kick everytime and they were man marking him because they know how useless everyone else is. But I won't argue with clueless inbreds like you. No goal automatically equals shit. I get it.
Did you see how many times he lost possession?
It\u2019s true though - these arepas were amazing
You're really funny my guy. Almost forgot to laugh
Would love for anyone on this sub to show me one good pass into space martial received today.
None because he did not run into space but instead have his back to goal the entire match
The same guy who emailed me?
yes
Yes. Your 1 million from your late uncle sloan_of_the_src will arrive by mail as soon you transfer me the 100,000 thank you goodnight
He promised me like a million dollars so I sent him all my bank acc details. What a nice guy!
He gonna show da teem de wehh \n\n(Hopefully)
Rashford has always provided more clutch moments than Martial since Rashford's debut. Can't even count with 10 fingers the number of times Rashford has helped us in the most needed situations. Martial on the other hand, can't remember any after his first season.
I believe he scored in assisted in a game when we were down by 1 in Mourihnos first season.
Chelsea away last season...
Chelsea last season, Tottenham at home in Jose's second season, Chelsea this season, etc.
I'm actually really optimistic about Bruno himself, I just don't think he'll be enough to drag this team from what it is into a top 4 side. Too many holes in the squad and too many question marks over the players that are there.
No player should have to drag us into top 4. This team is poorly coached and we having to rely on individual brilliance is frustrating. Our squad could definitely be better but trust me this team is good enough to make top 4. Also consider the teams we have constantly lost/dropped points against. You can't tell me those teams have better players than we do. We are poorly coached. Till that changes we will continue to struggle. Sadly.
On a positive note he was good. Something new that we have been lacking. Trying some shots, trying some long passess, recycling possession. We need runners to match up to his vision
If we can get Pogba to get his head in the game,  those two are gonna be dangerous together.  Sit Matic in the defensive mid roll with the form he's in.
He was superb today, too many people only focus on offensive contributions. Impressive workrate and did well to cover the gaps when Martial/Andreas/James inevitably turned over possession.
It was all obvious when in the dying minutes of the game a 31 year old Mata was full on sprinting into the box during the attack and a 24 year old Martial was hanging about on the left flank.
Five years in the team and we're still waiting for him to become someone. It's enough
So that's two strikers we'll need to buy
So offensive Phil Jones? Couple flashes of decent to give you hope,  only to let you down.
I just thought of it today as well. Better to close the chapter with him rather than fucking hoping for years.
How was his seevice today?
What service? Lol
Martial was quite poor today true. But this looks like a recurring issue with past forwards as well.\nThe truth is whoever is up top will struggle because we barely create anything. Lewandowski will easily struggle in this United side. We give our strikers scraps to feed on.
SO many times, I'm watching him jogging and in my head I'm screaming \"WTF dude make a fucking run\"
Mate is your brain alright? This is most retarded comment I've ever fucking read
You deserve the Glazers
He looked pretty sexy ngl
u/kiwwi191 WELCOME TO UNITED 2020 HD SKILLS AND GOALS
\ud83e\udd80
Sounds about right as a compensation for such a pain.
US TV mentioned it was meant to happen at 68 mins, didn't see anyone leave.  Same old shit in the EPL, plan a walk-out, don't deliver.
It happened after the game.
Of course he was isolated, he kept drifting out wide instead of staying in position
It looks like he's fitted with some sort of fuse that just automatically turns his brain off whenever he finds himself in a good position.
I'm also good at football when there are no opponents
Bruno is the player Pereira thinks he is
That's perfect analysis!
Fred was good too
Absolutely. Can amplify that \u00d75 times and say that out loud. \n\nDidn't mention that because he being the only midfielder in the pivot role and being absolutely incredible.
It's also sort of his positioning. I liked his off-the-ball movement, but the struggle in this game is mostly the front three.
Thought Maguire had a great game too
Shaw for me is WAY to slow passing the ball. Had numerous chances to bring it to Mata in a good position, but just stays with the ball and then the short sideways/backpass. Good performance, but is the 2. choice of LB atm. \n\nWilliams on the other hand is more direct and plays those risky forward passes. We need that type of players all over the pitch.
AWB was only good because we let wolves attack us more \n\nGoing forward he is awful
Problem is you guys playing him at 6, he needs to be moved to higher up
Had a bad game, sure. But come on.
I feel this unpopular opinion in my soul.   I'd like to see Greenwood start over him.   Especially with pogba on the way back and Bruno settling in over the break as well.  The midfield needed help but the midfielders need help up front as well.
With the way we play, none of our attackers try to get in behind the defense. It's always striker trying to hold up the ball and trying to play one two with second runner. With Greenwood's physicality I don't think it will work. We need to change the way we attack
No u
[deleted]
And a set piece coach, and a throw in coach hopefully, we're so wasteful.
One of whom was Lingard
The player bashing still won't stop. Lingard probably won't get scapegoated (yes, he's poor but there are deeper problems with our coaching) because Bruno is there, so it's going to be Andreas now I think. Martial and AWB next would be my guess.
[deleted]
We had our full squad against CP and other teams as well. Guess what happened in those games?\n\nNo matter what, 0 goals in the past three games, and only 4 goals in the last 5, with 35 points in 25 freaking games is not acceptable for a man utd coach.
You bring up injures and lack of depth, but you do realize we are in that position because Ole played players that were injured right.
I'd like to remind you that Lingard was a good player before Ole turned up. \n\nHe started for England in a World Cup Semi. \n\nWriting him off as some useless donkey is ridiculous.
>As long as Ole doesn't have at least somewhat workable conditions he will always have my support\n\nWhy not have similar arguments for the players? Why should they be judged on how they perform under a ridiculous dressing room in the last season under Jose or an inexperienced and under qualified manager in Ole. Why does Ole get a free pass?
Hahaha some United fans are just sheep.
We beat city 1-0 and lost on aggregate tho! Things are looking up! (According to this sub a few days ago)
Our goal difference without the Norwich games is 29 scored and 28 conceded in 23 games.
Hopefully you don't get accused of cherry picking statistics on this one, because on this sub, that's possible.
People are so quick to judge players after half a season. It clearly takes time to get used to a new system or in the case of Fred a new league.\n\nShaw was immense last year and because his form dropped people say he\u2019s trash.\n\nMaguire was incredible for Leicester for years and if he plays like he did today week in week out I\u2019d say the fee could be justified in the long run.
Is any CB apart from VvD worth 80m?
Varane ? Koulibaly ? Laporte ?
He doesn\u2019t need to for me. Not his fault the fee was so absurd
Can't deny that tho. All thanks to Jose for making Leicester rev up the price by 20 million
And a Director of Football
And a proper #9
A set piece coach wouldn't hurt either.
I actually suspect Ole would make a better DoF than manager. He seems to be able to build a squad, he just can't do anything with it.
We looked as clueless as always
Equally that Ole and our staff are not the long term solution.
You are jealous of his tactical revolution. He's teaching the club to play in a brand-new attacking philosophy. \n\nJust a few more transfer windows and we should be able to score goals at home pretty soon.
Agree, we'll just see where we end up. Outside top four/no EL title, move on IMO.
So what do you want him to do after he receives the ball. Dribble through 4 players?
no, if you're gonna receive the ball with your back to goal I expect you to lay it off, spin and shoot or at least hold it. He didnt do any of these, hes nowhere near good enough.
Cure for insomnia
I'm not even remotely surprised
Inthinmmartial will move to left and ighalo to be cf till rashford comes back
Yes most likely, Ighalo could really help Martial, he was in world class form when Rash was playing, hopefully Ighalo provides support to him.
He was already motioning Dan James to run in behind.\n\nGame one and he is already shocked at how static our forwards are...can't blame them when they keep making the runs but nobody plays the passes. \n\nFred, Matic, Perreira and even Mata have been woeful playing passes over the top to runners.
Agree. He did well defensively and that's the minimum we expect from our defenders. Going forward is an issue but at least we're solid at the back.\n\nWonder if we had an ndidi or something, would they give more license to our full backs to bomb forward similar to Liverpool.
Going forward is something they can do but they have no end product that's the problem, Williams has a better output at the opposition half than Shaw. Shaw is better at defending for now.
I'm not sure if even it's the guy who signed him to blame, I think it will be really weird if Ole thought James will be a consistent team starter this year, but I think it's a decent buy considering the fee and the potential.\n\nThe problem is with the administration - releasing Sanchez, Lukaku, Herrera and bringing no 1st team replacement
He looked good enough at the start of the season, we just have to play him too much, so he's knackered now...
Lance Armstrong's missing testicle defends better than Andreas.
We were protecting the point...
Mata had a good game btw. I think Ole was looking to use Bruno to recycle the possession, and Mata to create some opportunities.\n\nUnfortunately the full backs were quite bad in the final third of the pitch, and Martial was basically like a statue... No movement, no courage, no nothing.
He was already placed deep to start with... Otherwise, Pereira would have slotted into his spot, and that would be a horrendous disaster.
That same someone would probably also rave at you about all of Lingard's awesome contributions to the team! Guess some people will defend just about everyone and everything.
Not to replace Fred, but Andreas. Best game of the season was with Fred and McT dominating KdB and Silva
He\u2019s a harrier type ball winner, not a physical imposing one. His energy in the press & close down negates the need for a more robust stature. They\u2019re tough to play against in a way that a \u201cstronger\u201d player isn\u2019t -wiry and flexible in defensive situations.
What? \nThat is today's starting lineup. Minus Matic due to the red card...
I said what ideal starting XI if Matic is available. However, he isn't available due to red card. \n\nSo I hope Bruno plays as CAM when Matic available.
I just don\u2019t know what his best position is, he can\u2019t lead the line on his own but he seems to have lost a yard of pace that would hinder him on the wing, also he can only play on the left and he isn\u2019t displacing a fit Rashford there now. \n\nI like Martial but he\u2019s 24 and he has games like today far too often for a player who\u2019s approaching their prime years, when he\u2019s not playing well he\u2019s a hindrance, some players can have a bad spell but still produce moments of magic I don\u2019t think Martial can because if it\u2019s not going well for him it\u2019s like he just gives up, he doesn\u2019t have the mentality to push himself to the top level it seems, which is a shame as he does have the talent when he\u2019s firing but he\u2019s far too inconsistent. He doesn\u2019t have the excuses he had under Jose as Ole has supported him, given him his shirt number back and played him regularly. \n\nThis is more than just Rashford being out, this is Martial struggling to even do the basics well and as I said even his finishing-which used to be a massive strength has gone off the boil recently- with him missing clear cut chances you\u2019d expect him to bag against both Burnley and Liverpool. I don\u2019t like to compare them and they do play better together but Rashford still had games like Spurs where he was good plus a match winner, a formation change helped Rashford without Martial whereas without Marcus, Tony has looked lost no matter what system we play. \n\nWe need a striker, I don\u2019t think Martial can lead the line constantly for a team who wants to challenge for major trophies. \n\nPs sorry for the essay.
To add to this, a few months ago Rashford was the next Welbeck and you would be downvoted for defending him, but now he's one of our best players.\n\nAfter the previous 3 games, a lot of people now wouldn't mind Martial leaving despite scoring or assisting 17 goals this season. \n\nAtleast we are all consistent about lingard and pereira.
Yeah mate its a bit crazy i try and stay off these threads when we've not had a good performance. \n\n\nSeeing all the martial can fuck off comments really pissed me off. Yes he had an awful game but like you said hes been clocking in goals and assists. Also before it was \"oh he needs better service\" or \"he plays better with rashford\". People just pick and choose lol
Honestly I probably wouldn't go out early if I paid for the seats \ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2642\ufe0f
nothing better than a cultural reboot built in the midst of the worst start in 30 years.
i even defended ole when he did the same with pogba. but this is different. we were in control, needed a win badly, and he got *more* conservative as the game went on as far as bruno\u2019s positioning went. even when ole did this with pogba, he at least moved him higher as the game progressed, or moved to a 442. this was a new level
i\u2019m genuinely curious what makes you think a manager with his cv can get us top 4?
Well he wasn't awful with Molde, at least I don't think so, he had a good run last season then somehow capitulated at the final hurdle, we have some of our arrogance back and we show up to the big games, so overall with some tweaks to the coaching staff I think consistently finishing top four is possible for him, and he's not bald so technically he can't be a fraud.\n\nCould be wrong though.
i replied to your other comment with specifics but i just have to say i love how smug your comment gets at the end because you simply cannot imagine that there\u2019s a simple solution to all of this.
Probably. I think he needs a target man too....he doesnt look comfortable to cross the ball to Martial when hes wide. And he actually has a decent cross on him.
Maguire was immense. Shaw & Aaron looked better in the second half too. \n\n\nShan't mention Pereira. What a travesty.
We had an inability to make through passes and line breaks with Mourinho too in fairness..
Yeah but at least he had a style and plan, it was horrible to be around but anybody could see what we were trying to do and it had to be planned for, can't say the same for Ole
Still not as a holding midfielder. Fred has been overworked lately and as Matic gained form, we lost him through the red card.
They have no business being Manchester United players right now.\n\nLingard gets a pass from me because he has played better in the past and he is having a difficult time in his personal life. Still he needs to be sold, unless he has a good preseason. A good Lingard is a great bench option.\n\nPereira I like the guy but he is just not good enough. Sell in the summer to Spain or somewhere.
Not sure you can call it progress. 53 points would be the lowest number of points since the 1989/1990 season.
I was being sarcastic...
Okay mate
Smh
He deffo needs a break. I feel like he\u2019s burnt out. Shall we chip in and get him a spa day ?
Nah mate didn't you read the tactical analysis thread? Mata drifts inward to overload the middle of the park, Ole once again showing he can out tactic the best managers in the world..
Lololol play Bruno Fernandez as a CDM wow world class tactics. Next play Juan mata as a striker
His first half wasn\u2019t that good tho. He did make runs but gave away the ball frequently.
Oh yea my bad.
He needs to be sold, totally agree. For the \u00a360m or so we may get for him maybe we can get someone who can lead the line and occupy defenders and still be decent technically.
He clearly cant play as an ST when Rashford isnt playing. He gets so lost between the defenders without any help. The other forwards that are supposed to help him were pereira james and mata lmao these lot wouldnt even start for brighton
Yeah good point tbf I know what you mean. Looks to go one way and then bursts the other way with his pace. Just needs to work on it a bit more but he's nowhere near as bad as most fans make him out to be attacking-wise
Honestly, I don't have the stats for it, but I'm sure he puts in a lot more crosses than Williams and Shaw combined. I'll go google that now.
Nah he's still class, such an amazing tackler of the ball. His game defensively is near on perfect I'd say. Just needs to work on the attacking side of his game. And even then it's not even that bad compared to what people are making him out to be
Me too to be honest...but he\u2019s up there with Lingardinho
I won't even dignify that with a response.
Beast mode activated.
If we get them in Europa league I think I\u2019ll cry.
That is also an issue but  there was many times when there was a pass out to Wan Bissaka or James who were running and then had to stop their run or even back track to control the ball.\n\nVery frustrating.
Pellegrini won the PL title in his first season. He wasn't bad. Solskjaer would be worse than Mark Hughes was for them
Mate Pellegrini smashed the 100 goal record for City lol
Would probably call kdb \u201cbruyney\u201d too or Stones \u201cStoney\u201d
Don't. Just... don't
Plenty of people knew but were downvoted or stopped commenting because criticism is not allowed here it seems
Totally agree
Our one and only
The team has a smash and grab attitude. Content with playing on the counter. But they are a few years away from total and direct domination displayed by city and Liverpool. \n\nYou can only play with the cards you.\u2019re dealt.
we also beat City, Chelsea, Spurs, Leicester... You're cherry picking some games and judge a season based on that... So I did the same. Stupid thing and cherry picked some other games.\n\n \n\nBoth are stupid. You don't judge a season on a handful of games. There's a lot more to it. And I'm not saying we're having a good season. But you can't just come here and say we're shit because we lost to some shit teams, when in  the same breath, we beat the best teams too.
They have conceded 32 goals this season, hope this helps.
I can look at the table myself. That's less than Chelsea and on par with Spurs. Thing is, when Wolves turn up, they're actually a really good team. That was the case today.
I don't want him throwing anyone under the bus but don't insult us with that shit. Fucking say the team played poorly; you don't need to throw anyone under the bus.
The team played well.
Yeah, but so is having a hodge-podge team when half of your key players are out injured. He best not be going or you can forget us winning anything in the next 10 years at least. The cycle of new manager, early good run, bad run, new manager, rinse, repeat.\n\nIf people are willing to give up on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer already then we may as well replace the red devil with a liver bird now
The thing is, we could have been down 2-0 at halftime that game.  Everyone was euphoric that we bashed em 4-0 but the truth is, for the first half hour or so they were the better team and hit the woodwork twice.  So we were fortunate to have the lead at halftime and if we hadn\u2018t been up at the break we probably wouldn\u2018t have been able to catch them out on those counters
?
And a new owner. And a new DOF too.
One new fitness and medical team too, please.
Ouch, bit of a low blow mate haha
Sorry if that offended you mate. My apologies.
Ooof \n\nP.S :- should be taken in good taste
Not sure if it should be - although lots of Redditors make these sorts of jokes
His goals have really come from service, something we don't have much of. I wouldn't be surprised if he'd have 0 goals here at this point lol
But Bruno seems to be good at playing balls through. Maybe once Rashy is back that will work but him and haaling would have been nice
Too much is expected from James, he should be a young developing sub, not our main wing, but we have no real alternatives right now
Think he is injured
You put the ball in constantly and at least 2 out of 10 times it will most probably turn in to a dangerous chance no matter how poor the forwards are . At least it's  better than to pass the ball backwards which in most cases doesn't even end up going near the goal.
Exactly, what\u2019s the point in sprinting down the wing then going backwards then side ways then get pressed and tackled. Just put it across goal constantly. Traore does it for wolves, although today he didn\u2019t find a team mate thankfully.
He is just infuriating, every time he touches the ball he is either giving it away or making a poor pass.. Just can't watch him play anymore, should have been off way sooner in my opinion.
Even the commentators here in norway mentioned it, so the words had reached somewhere at least
Progress!
Lol of course
No but you bring in Bruno to actually play up not back. If pereira can\u2019t handle doing it he just needs off immediately
The problem is that we don't have many options and if someone has to start beween James and greedwood I pick Mason. Mostly because he is the best finisher in our team.\n\nWhen Pogba(who don't know if will come back), Mctom and rashford come back, eally hope that we don't see again Lingard or Pereira.
Bruno is not a 10 or 6. He was always a right sided 8 who can also play 10 well.
Exactly what I meant. \n\nTaking him to 6 killed his game.
Fair point. Just feel like if he gained a stone he\u2019d be getting fouls called. Maybe he wouldn\u2019t be getting fouled if he weighed more though... eh..............:::.::::::@::92-&-!1$28:&;!
He is pretty tired as of late. He wasbt brought to be a starter
It\u2019s like the refs don\u2019t see him anymore. I don\u2019t get it. Looking forward to him taking some bulking tips from Shaw this summer though.
Maybe I'm biased being latin american but watching Jim\u00e9nez play, not just this game but many, makes me believe he would find many goals for us now that we have Bruno
May as well get Werner.
I'm a huge fan of Timo, last season I watched a lot of Bundes because of him but I read he held talks with Liverpool, do you know if that's true or rubbish?
Still better than Martial, I love Tony as much as the next devil but he relies too much on Rashy. But I don't disagree that there might be better options.
A few guys on here and a bunch of people on twitter.
That's dumb. He was pretty great considering he was being played out of position.
How is Sheffield a good comparison? They currently sit above us.
Our squad is still better on paper, man for man. It was just one example but its a good example as any. I could also say he's not good enough for any of our top 6 rivals, of course including teams above us and that just shows how far our standards have dropped
[deleted]
Wtf do they have to do with our manager making stupid comments? People like you think you are a better supporter than everyone else and call people plastic because you wont say a bad word about a manager who isn't good enough to manage this club. My love of the club is why I dont want this manager here. I'm not blind to his cluelessness unlike some.
Base on what do you think he would be better as DoF. He has even less qualifications to be a DoF than he does to be a manager. I don't get the people that think Ole would be a good DoF
How can you know if ole would be good as a dof and poche can\u2019t come now because he I\u2019ll have to pay Tottenham a big amount of money from what I understand, only at the end of the season.
I'd love him as a dof. Knows and understands the club seems to have an eye for a player. Experience with the youth. Think Poch has a clause in his payoff that any other club need to pay 10 million to sign him this year
Some will say that's not his job, and to a certain degree, it is not. He's not there to back track and no manager will ever sign him to do that. He's there to do other things. Unfortunately for Tony, he's not been doing those things at all this season.   \n\n\nHe's having a bad time and as a professional, he should at least show some fire when things are not going his way. There was an instance today when he got on the ball near the left flank, controlled it and had James running up the overlap. Tony took a lazy touch and lost the ball. Guess what happened next? Tony head down and starts walking. Guess who won the ball back? Yes, Dan James, the guy who was way in front of him, who did nothing wrong, he stopped his run as soon as the ball was lost and went to backtrack and won the ball back.   \n\n\nI'm not saying Dan James had a good game today btw. But that moment made me fume. There is no way any professional should be content with not performing and not showing any fire. \n\n&#x200B;\n\nI for one know, be it ice hockey or football, if I'm having a mare, the least I'll do is chase people down like a rabbit and make their night a misery. No chance I'm there to make their evening a stroll in the park.
Start actually expecting performances in the modern game and no one will sign for you and you\u2019ll lose the dressing room
Martial would be out of pocket
Oh piss off they were absolute dogshit today
Dont you think our defensive preformace had to do anything with that? Bar set pieces we're actually a good defensive team
Kidding about what? Can you read?\n\nWolves were very good defensively. We were obviously fairly poor but their hand in that can\u2019t be underrated.
Wolves weren\u2019t good defensively, we were poor don\u2019t make excuses for this showing denial gets us nowhere it\u2019s unhelpful.
Loved who he brought on, too late to make any real difference in a game where we were obviously weak in attack
Agreed with all of this. Bruno is more than willing to play through the lines and showed it today. With his leadership qualities we may see our players start to make those runs more often. Pogba coming back will only improve this as well. I\u2019m excited to see how those two play as a midfield duo in front of Fred or McTominay. This squad desperately needs both of their leadership qualities and both of their footballing abilities.
I agree low risk signing and an extra body was needed but some of the comments I see on here seem to think he\u2019s going to be a game changer for us.
I think the plan was to put Pereira at DM. Bruno started way further up. But Pereira did such a shit job of that in the opening 20 that Ole switched them.
I think shaw could have been dm and williams full back but idk, is there any reason why williams didn't play though?
Lingard would\u2019ve done worse, sad as it is
That's a good point, but in that case, I think the width should have been better maintained by James and Mata. As for AWB I wish we saw more of that type of play from. A lot of the times I feel like he is hesitant to put in a good cross
Back to twitter with you
He\u2019s right, he\u2019s definitely leaving in the summer and I don\u2019t blame him. Wasted his prime years at this club
This is absolutely a bang on assessment of what happened today. And what also happens to Pogba when he plays.
Ouch haha
Aye that showed them
What happened to the aggressive attacking team that was when Ole first took over
What happened is that Ole finally left his own print over the team overtime, also the new manager bounce faded.
Then you can't say he's been great\n\nConsidering his price tag he's been pretty underwhelming, he's far from being a rock in defense, hopefully he'll turn it around a la Vidic
Vidic had rio and a world class midfield. You think vidic would be as solid with this squad? Maguire\u2019s dribbling is really good, and his passing out of the back is good. His mishaps just get amplified because we aren\u2019t winning games.
Fact is that Liverpool had a proper recruitment team, a board willing to sign new players, there's loads of different circumstances, this isn't Fifa 20 lads.
Liverpool signed Mane, Karius, Matip, Klavan, Manniger and Wijnaldum in Klopp\u2019s first summer. Out of those players, only 3 are first teamers and that team finished 4th. They started off from a worse place and finished in a better place. We started from a better place and are going to finish in a worse place. Backwards and downwards
Sort by controversial mate \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd you\u2019ll find a few of \u2018em
They\u2019re a good team because they have a proper manager.
They're a good team because they have good players. They are also managed well which is why they are so hard to beat, and are able to win against the likes of City when playing away from home.
Five years at the club, think I\u2019ve seen enough. Marcus Rashford and a proper number 9 signing in the summer takes us back to where we need to be.
What like lack of goals? Which Martial is employed to do?
Nope, his ratio is 1 in 2, and with the absolute crap he's around there's not much more he can do. AWB useless, Shaw useless, Perreria shit, James always being inside, never using his pace on the outside. There's a reason we do good with Martial and Rashford, the rest are shit. Movement so bad half the game felt like it was in slow motion, sometimes it was at a stand still.
What is he actually meant to do? Really. Some of You lot go way too in on Martial.
He's 22. \n\nHe needs to be given time out of the side for a little bit and be a sub for a while, but we can't really do that. \n\nNot ready to be a full on starter every week yet. He'll develop, 22 is still quite young.
Fair enough he is 22 then mb. But I still dont know what people expect. He isn't the issue with this team and calling for him to be sold is ridiculous
https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/exb5ae/post_match_thread_manchester_utd_0_0_wolves/fg79tww/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf\n\nNot exactly downvoted.\n\nNot to mention stupid stuff is always top reply on twitter
By the time everyone at utd comes to there senses some big club would have snapped up poch ,I hope I'm wrong though
Nah poch has been in talks with utd and he hasn\u2019t got a job yet coz he\u2019s waiting for this one. He knows he\u2019s gonna get it.
Exactly. He's a terrible coach
But Rome was built with competent hands. Lack of time is not the problem
>Ole\u2019s not dumb. He knows there has to be movement.\n\nDoes the notion of \"drilling the fucking system\" on the players even exists with Ole? One difference you see between Ole and most solid managers is how good they are at drilling the system into everybody. Why? It's because the manager should be the one coming up with a system that players have to buy under one simple rule: \"It's my way or the highway.\"\n\nIf Ole is serious about wanting to win something with this team, he better start coming up with an identity, of which I see none after 13 months at the helm. At least, Klopp stamped his identity on Liverpool within a few months despite conceding goals left, right and center.
Why do I get the feeling this Rome thing is the new \u201ccultural reboot\u201d joke
I didn't say we weren't. But the referee refused to give wolves any cards, was inconsistent in what were fouls, and then only added only 4 minutes when wolves were time wasting throughout the game and Adama's injury fiasco/sub took 5 minutes by itself. Very irritating.
Adama took 1min 30,not 5. Should have been more time added, but as I said, he put everyone out of their misery by blowing up
I'm the same I really love Tony and hate criticising him. Didn't see the comments after but yeah exactly, he just didnt do enough. Can be amazing on a good day but the issue is he's non existent in s bad day, and seems to have more bad than good!
Yeah think he would favour a 4-4-2  type formation, will see what it's like after the break coming up :)
Under LVG, we played the worst football and had the most goalless games.\n\nMourinho has been our best manager by far.
It's subjective to an extent I guess because it's all not been very pleasant to watch. There were games during every managers tenure where I just wanted to turn it off or just regretted wasting my time watching after\n\n\nI did mention lack of goals but we had an actual system and our passing actually looked good and the players had chemistry. I very much disagree we played the worst football under him. Mourinho I've disliked on a personal level side he came to England a long time ago so I may be biased but I'd put LVG above him
It\u2019s remarkable how much world class coaches know more than us. LvG showed that right here. Mourinho knew Rashford is better on the wing but people thought he had an agenda and felt vindicated when Ole played him centrally and he scored for a bit. Now he\u2019s moved back to the left and looks great, proving Mourinho right that
iTs ThE pRoGrEsS!!!!
And people keep saying he needs another full season to show his pRoGreSs. I mean, sure, progress us all the way into league 1...
Don\u2019t you dare
Exactly
Or played on the wing.
Reluctant to say, anyone.. Martial has been playing 5 years for us, he is soon to be 25. What progress has he made? Honestly, I'd argue in some cases he has been declining. He is slowing us down, and has been for quite some time - he should leave.
No no, your opinion is valid. I meant as in our total lack of depth and our massive injury crisis. If you drop him you have to play Greenwood up top which then means you have 2 incredibly average wingers either side. I\u2019m happy to phase the lad out from the Summer but we can\u2019t really afford to drop him at this moment in time.
Sorry mate I meant Redknapp!
Cheers lad. Is Rashford actually back that early?
I heard some people say. It\u2019s still going to be almost a month considering it\u2019s after the break.
Ole saif they won't at the press conference and doesn't know when they will be back.          \nDecent chance Marcus' season is over
Ah i see, thanks for clarification mate!
Some how, every signing since SAF has almost been simply one step forward but two back (when we sack the manager).
I honestly can\u2019t believe Pereira is still a Manchester United player.\n\nHe\u2019s worse than Nick Powell or Ryan Tunnicliffe.
Why is it a surprise when Ed can only do one deal at a time? We definitely need to get another CM in the summer but watch us chase an unrealistic ST target and Sancho instead.
Exactly. He lost the ball all game and better to do that further up the pitch. His days are numbered we just need to find a replacement. It will be a long way down for him. He's not even good enough to be a squad player.
I'm pretty sure he'll be displaced by Matic the next game, we're just so short of midfielders playing deep this game. I can make do with a Matic - Fred - Bruno midfield at the moment
More like StupidBall
I don\u2019t see the need to even compare us to other teams points as it\u2019s as semi-dependent on us as it is them and each season is different.\n\nWe\u2019ve won 9 out of 25 games, that\u2019s enough to tell the story.
They're both 7/10 level players who when play together elevate each other to a performance of say 8/10. Rashford is younger, can't keep the same level of expectations from both the guys. Ever since Rashford's injury, I don't think Martial has played a game at a level above 6/10 (barring the Tanmere game)
17th Feb is the day it gets over.
We play Chelsea on the 17th. So unlikely that they will play
That\u2019s our next game I think. Thankfully pereira be straight to the bench when that happens
He is on bench is still scary
He's trying not to lose. That's all I could see.
I can't tell if the comment you're responding to is being made in jest/sarcasm or seriously. Hoping it's the former.
Inlighten us mate...
They never actually reply to this question
He plays 4-2-3-1 with a no 10 and a striker up top who brings the two wingers into play. martial was trying to do that all game but he should be not doing that today because wingers atm are not good enough. Problem is our best players are injured and our no 10 signing Bruno was playing in pivot because nobody else was available. That\u2019s why Andreas started or else Bruno would be even deeper. We missed matic a lot today. A midfielder who could hold the ball would have made the difference
I really don't buy these excuses because we put in these same exact type of performances even when everyone was fit at the start of the season. Fuck, remember Wolves away? We had chances to win that game too just like we had some good chances today but our performance overall was similarly poor and we looked really poor going forward then too.
your summary of ole\u2019s tactical profile is so stupidly basic it\u2019s actually a perfect reflection of how little there is to his system. it consists of a formation and a striker who...passes. incredible. you\u2019ll struggle to find a team for whom that isn\u2019t the case. the fact that a single formation, which hasn\u2019t been working reliably all season, is apparently central to his plans says so much. what if, instead of playing a 4231 which as you pointed out was the source of a lot of our troubles today, ole switched to a 433?
Well we also let go a bunch of key players without replacing them aka Lukaku and Herrera, but in general i agree with you. Ole keeps going on about all the progress we're apparently making but i don't see it, it's the same old shit we've been seeing from this team ever since the start of the season. I'm a lot less angrier now than i was a few months ago, but it's becoming increasingly clear every week that this coaching staff needs to go.
All I am saying is, when do we stop saying, \"oh he just needs Pogba and Rashford back or oh just one more window\". We have 35 points from 25 games. Why is no one taking some of it out on Ole?
[removed]
Calm down, please.
[removed]
I wouldn't stretch that far...
Moyes at least had a solid stint at Everton before taking over United, it's not far fetched at all to say he's a better coach than Ole
I didn\u2019t want Jos\u00e9 to leave. Now I don\u2019t want Ole to leave. I don\u2019t care about him being a former player. I just know that the next guy that comes in will have a completely different mindset and game-plan to Ole which will require new players. Two transfer windows later when that guy has bought 2/3 players but still has to play Andreas Pereira because of all the injuries, results will go against us. People like you will come up with x, y and z reasons why we should\u2019ve never appointed that manager in the first place and the cycle will continue.
The thing is, you have to give managers time but it has to be the right manager. Ole has a shocking record, poor tactically, poor in game management and I can go on. He just isn\u2019t good enough. It will cause much more damage to keep someone whose clearly not good enough than try something different. There are credible managers like Poch, Naggelsman and Allegiri not someone who got relegated with Cardiff. I actually didn\u2019t want Jose to leave what irked me was that we signed just Fred after we finished 2nd. But Ed seems to be backing Ole with everything he wants when he doesn\u2019t deserve, give that backing to a more credible manager.
If we were showing signs of improvement and in the position we are now I genuinely would be satisfied. It's the fact that we aren't improving at all that annoys me.
I agree to a large extent but there is some improvement. \nBall retention against the better teams has improved.  Jose's team could get to 70% against the likes of Burnley/Palace/Huddersfield etc but he clearly believed doing so against Top 6 teams wasn't worth the risk for an entire 90 mins. But that alienated the fans because they could see the team press and dominate the ball when behind against City but couldn't understand why he'd only activate that for twenty mins.\nOle has the team 10% better, possession wise against those Top teams from what I can tell.
But if players keep getting injured and new players coming in how do you expect tactics to work, When half of the 1st team is injured? Not an Ole fan and would love to see poch but constant attacks on ole tactics like people here know better piss off.
Could easily play another player at DM instead of Pereira and Bruno. Where\u2019s the youth that ole keeps talking about? Why not play Garner or Levitt? Surely they\u2019re good enough to start, especially over Pereira. Ole is a joke
They are better players, yet did you see their results under the other manager last season, Modric is ready for China, Marcelo is not the same he used to be either. It's the decisiveness of the board and the manager who have arrested the slump.
He lost the dressing room, thats why he got sacked. We are a few signings away from being good again. I dont know whether Ole is the man to take us there. Only time will tell.
\"A few signings away from beeing good again\"\n\nThats what people are saying since Moyes....
Yaeh, a better squad that he built himself with much less money than we did. Spurs failed to perform this season is because they were out of steam after 3 intense seasons and not enough signings last summer.
Spurs always failed to perform. Spent 5 years at the club with no silverware. UCL final is cool but you don\u2019t get trophies for coming in 2nd place.
Stealing a wage
He is gonna be replaced in the long run. Maybe in a season or two. Still need depth in midfield after August. \n\nThe club shits money - wage is not an issuse.
I totally agree with ya mate that our bench is weak. Ole really has my sympathies there. But the players on the pitch aren't producing anything either. Nothing wrong in taking risks by bringing on Chong or Dalot  or Lingard seeing how poor our front three today was
You expect Chong, Lingard and a RB to do any better than what was already on this pitch? If it was me I wouldn't have brought any of them on.
Think he believes himself to be better then he actually is
Find spaces. He's too static. He's useless as a number 9. He needs to be on the wing.
You have to move to get service. Ronaldo, Lewandowski, Messi, Aguero, Kane or even Haland are nkt given ball on their feet. They move, they create space for themselves and perform good. This team is just coached at all.
He was found multiple times, and did fuck all
Face the goal
He doesn't put himself into situations to get a service. Hes always in 1st gear. Move around, make space and you'll get the ball.
A walkout was never the right move. The fans were never gonna walk out on the team. But I'll tell you what, the god damn management, coaches and players shoulda walked out. The fans are the only ones who deserve to be inside the stadium.\n\nAnd Fred. He can stay too.
It blows my mind that a man who spent a decade under Sir Alex can just sit there like that. Just...doing nothing. It suggests that not only does he have the tactical ability to change anything, he doesn't have the mentality to stamp his authority either.\n\nJesus Christ man, just get off your damn seat. Nuno didn't sit down for 90 minutes.
I missed SAF era, but I feel you, dude. It\u2019s very frustrating to see as a fan. It just looks like he\u2019s not invested in what\u2019s going on during the game.
You\u2019re probably right, Pereira was absolute dross. It\u2019s part of a larger problem however where Ole has no idea what to do against teams who play with a low block i.e. every team at Old Trafford besides Liverpool/City. Frustrating how we\u2019ve watched the same game of football play out over a dozen times this season with no signs of improvement.
It's not just Ole, I've read this about Mourinho, LVG, and Moyes, it's systematic at this point, we haven't seen movement really other than Oles counters. Remember the season where we finished second on the back of a high amount of long range goals? It's a serious problem that rots in the core of the club
Pereira could have at least took a yellow card to stop a counter then he could have been hooked after that. He offers absolutely nothing in the attack anyway apart from dribbling into defenders and continuously making wrong decisions. Would rather we gamble on winning a game at home instead of being scared to lose it.
>When you pay 60 quid for a ticket (plus travel and food) you\u2019ll understand why people were reluctant to take part. \n\nGetting rid of poor owners requires actual sacrifice, shock!!\n\n>Also, Bruno\u2019s debut and the anniversary of Munich. Was never going to happen.\n\nPoor timing
Believe it or not the attitude of this sub does not always align with the attitude of the match going fans. The pressure will be back on the board again in due time.
That was very inept imo. \nMata-Fernandes was looking very lively in first half but in second half Bruno never really came into the play.
Fuck off. Andreas sucked balls. Who else is gonna play there? Mata?
Then change the fucking formation. We had 3 CMs in Fred, Bruno and Pereira, we could easily have played a 433. But no, Ole has a hardon for the 4231 which has worked like  only 5 times this campaign. Or tevert to a back 3. Or bring someone else on. ANYTHING. We can buy an entire 11 of world class players and still fail to score because the team is not coached how to attack, how to press and how to retain possession. We have 9 wins in 25 games, it's beyknd pathetic, its shocking. Any other manager would have been sacked now, but Ole is chilling as if he no job pressure at all.
Move to Australian you can sleep through all the games like I did
There was no other option at CM ffs.
Get Perreira to fuck off and sub Phil Jones in then? Literally brought Bruno in to boost our attack and put him in CDM? Our attack looked just as clueless and garbage as they did $68m ago. Poor man management once again from Ole, repeatedly pulling these 85min subs instead of making them 20mins prior
Well, since Matic is suspended, and fred needs a company. The better choice was bruno
Did you read my comment. I said we need someone in the box like Haaland whose off the ball movement is incredible. That would probably solve your comment
We're not getting Haaland so I hope Ighalo will solve a part of the problem.
Then why start Pereira in the first place?
Then start who in his place exactly?
50 United goals faster than Giggs and Ronaldo and in this terrible time in history for united is not delivering?
Giggs and Ronaldo at the start were proper midfielders. Martial was always meant to score goals. \nHe is not all bad, but we need a world class forward to lead the line. \nRuud, Rooney, Suarez, lewandoski, Torres: This is the level that we should aim for, martial is mid table level. United needs WORLD CLASS.
His hold up play isn't good. He doesn't make runs. We finally had a player with a killer pass but Martials movement left a lot to be desired.
His hold up play wasn't good yesterday but generally it is very good. He is in bad form right now, I agree but the players around him and the system he is in is not helping. Last time we played wolves we created 1 chance and he scored.
I am no expert on football tactics so I feed off of good analysis and in most cases I have seen that Ole\u2019s situation right now is more like, \u2018You can take the horse to the river but you can\u2019t make him drink\u2019.\n\nAlso on match thread there were tons of people bashing these players, specially shaw.
Firstly, Lukaku wanted out. He made that clear. Also he is gone now, lets stop bringing that 1 thing up as defence for everything against ole. \n\nSecondly, if you have read the news lately and followed transfers, we chased a lot of other strikers. As a manager you don\u2019t provide 1, you usually give a list with priorities and backups (I know that only because one such list from Sir Alex was leaked a year or so ago). So yes, Ighalo must be a part of that list.\n\n\nNow you may ask How do I make the conclusion that the strikers we chased were suggested by, for the moment lets say, SOMEONE OTHER THAN WOODWARD? Its a clear pattern. \n\nIn the previous transfer windows when Ed was ignoring managers and running the show, (as we all know by now due to people itk openly speaking about it) he paid huge sums of money for options like Cavani (examples: Falcao, Di Maria, Alexis) and if it were the case now then we would have gone for Cavani and done everything to get him but instead we went for Josh King, trusted PL striker, not expecting big money and would be ok to know that he will not be THE SUPERSTAR here. We went for other similar names that are meant to be short term fixes and are reasonably prices as well until we actively pursue a good, stable, long term option in the summer!
Solid defensively but you could tell he was gassed and slow to get back on some counters and he slows down a lot of our attacks
Yeah meant going forward, should have specified
Uh yes, you should have specified. Because AWB was one of our best players today. He should not be in the same sentence as Martial.
Meant going forward specifically. For every good cross he puts in he puts in 2 or 3 poor crosses and also slows the attack down imo. I love AWB and he definitely has the drive to improve his attacking play in the future. No doubt in my mind he\u2019ll be a top right back in the world
>No doubt in my mind he\u2019ll be a top left back in the world \n\nYou seem very confused. He doesn't play left back..
His problem is that he's easily surrounded by defenders when he attacks. His ball control isn't that good and his dribbling style is quite sluggish, but it's unpredictable so it's not that easy to defend against
100% agree
His first game, and I don't agree with you on bang average. First half, yes, but second we were pretty much dominating with the odd counter from the wolves.
How many times did we take a shot from inside the box and hit the target? The only one was Pereira\u2019a weak ass effort. Almost everything else was from outside the box. It just shows how there\u2019s no combination of plays going on.
He has barely trained with the rest of the team. Give him the winter break
I don\u2019t have anything against Bruno. He played well. I\u2019m talking about everyone else
Have to agree that Williams is already better. Was at the match today and Shaw was poor apart from maybe one or two moments. Traore got past him multiple times to cross balls into the box and he just looked like he couldn't really be arsed. Fell asleep when receiving passes a couple of times and can't remember him actually making a single tackle. Bang average with basically no attacking output is the best way to describe him at the moment.
Wilder is twice the manager Ole is tbh.  hasennhuttl too
It's a disgrace to even compare Ole to Wilder.
Doubt it. While it may seem like buying players and having them play a certain way is easy, it actually isn't. Pep has done a great job at city. Ole wouldn't have won the league with city last season the way liverpool chased them till the end.
Can say the same putting Ole in Pep\u2019s team except that he\u2019s not in the same place as Pep.
All managers work their way up, even Pep and Zidane had successes with their youth squads before being promoted to the top job.\n\nThis idea that they would flop with worse players has no basis in reality and just a straight up strange concept.
He should've made the Dalot substitute in the 80th Min \n\nJames had an absolute shocker tonight
Yeah that\u2019s fair. James had a useless night
Who knows the other impact they would\u2019ve made if they were subbed in earlier .
Maybe, but I mean... it\u2019s Dalot and Lingard? How much are they gonna do? As a coach I\u2019d probably do the same thing when I look at that bench. For em in last minute to add some speed once the game has turned into us all out attacking and Wolves are defending. Didn\u2019t want to throw it off before that happened. I get it. I\u2019d have been mad if it was Greenwood that late. But not Dalot and Lingard.
I said he was. Try and keep up.
Ok.\nWhen they sack Ole and you\u2019ve wiped the jizz off your stomache after your wet dream comes true, what then? Keep sacking them until we get relegated?\nWe\u2019re you a tad less subject to emotion based thinking you would understand the need for patience Oles rebuilding.
No but I see you having a heart attack because we didn't score 7
huh?
I agree he's been backed, not many teams get in a year what he has:\n\nMaguire \u00a380m\nAWB \u00a350m\nJames \u00a315m\nBruno \u00a355m\n\nHe, or whomever you choose to blame for it, just didn't account for depth when getting rid of the \"deadwood\", which is quite ridiculous really.
That's the thing, he's still a playing legend, unfortunately the management dream (for us all) didn't work out.\nI can't understand this stuff.
He has a young family, with kids that go to school. For him it was always Molde or EPL.
He won all his Molde trophies on or before 2013. He wasn\u2019t rebuilding anything when went back there after getting relegated with cardifff
You can't pin the state of our squad on him when he gave us Martial and Rashford! We were boring under him but at least he wanted players focusing on technical ability that his possession obsession demanded. Now we just overrate poor passers and brawlers like McTominay because we're better off the ball than on it
Exactly my point
I know, i wonder when people get sick of backing him. His net spend over the past two windows has now reached 140 mil. Questions will be asked if we dont beat chelsea who only got kova inn
And he spent the best part of a season getting kicked
James is a professional footballer playing for Man Utd, not someone we picked up from Make A wish foundation. How is expecting him to play and contribute positively equate to \"expecting too much\" ?
So from what I know, there are different types of contracts. Each explains what kind of role you will be playing for the team. Dan was not bought to be a regular starter. Given his first season in PL he was brought on as a rotation option and get used to playing in the league. All this while we would be developing him as a future regular who would tear it up in a few years. \n\nBut now he is forced in as a starter and that has already stunted his development process. So from what I know, in development process you dont just focus on what you are supposed to do or how you are supposed to play in the next match but the overall aspect and there is more room to focus on things other than just the next game.
Still too deep for my liking. We saw him do great things as a #10 in around the box in dangerous areas create and score yes he\u2019s good dropping in and dictating but he was nowhere near the areas where we have spent the money to sign him for.
No doubt it would be better if he was receiving the ball higher up the pitch, but as we saw today and have seen in the past when Pogba is playing in the 10, we struggle to build up and progress the ball into those areas. The team isn\u2019t being coached well enough and that facilitates a need for SOMEONE who can break lines to drop deep and receive there to progress the ball forward themselves. When Matic is in, it isn\u2019t as much of an issue, but he was suspended today.
What do you mean? My point is that Norwich wouldn\u2019t even want to hire him
Why would he though? What has he done to deserve another role at the club?
Nagelsmann looks pretty nutty, Tuchel at Paris has also impressed me. Fuck, even Brendan Rodgers is playing some great football at Leicester, would be interested to see what he could do with serious financial backing. \n\nI know Poch is good, but there are still better managers imo who would be more attractive to world class players.
This is what you came up with ? You\u2019re as nutty as i thought from your first comment.
Never said he wouldn't be *an* upgrade, but the way people talk is like he's the next Klopp and is gonna make us instantly better.\n\nPoch is undoubtedly better than Ole as a manager, and if we were getting a new manager at the end of the season I certainly wouldn't complain if he came in. But people are deluded if they think he's gonna take us straight to the top, even with a great squad.\n\nThe jump from Martial to Lewandowski is much bigger than the jump from Ole to Poch.
How many have actually said they think he'd make us instantly better/ take us straight to the top? You're presenting it as a sweeping statement for those who want Pochettino here but the reality is many want him because he's simply a better coach and manager. The jump in quality is similar, Pochettino  took Spurs to the CL final without any major backing and turned them into a well oiled top four team. Imagine Solskjaer doing that
No one expects him to make us better within a season, but over time both the performances and results would be significantly better than they would under Ole and that alone means that Ole in no way deserves the job over him.  Ole is not doing anything revolutionary here. He's just executing the club's new 'vision' of a rebuild. A manager like Poch would simply do better at the same objectives, because guess what, he's a better manager.\n\nThere is a good chance we fail with Poch if the structural issues of the club persist, but at least we'd be fucking trying instead of sticking with a manager is clearly two levels below what is required at United just because two previous managers who were clearly on the decline failed (but never did as poorly as this) and constantly having to come up with desperate excuses in the face of one clueless performance after the next.
There's a huuuuuge difference between Lewandowski and Martial. Lewa is the best striker in the world. Poch is nowhere near the best manager in the world. Not in the top 10
It's debatable whether Poch is not a top 10 manager is the world. But even if he isn't, it's more like comparing a top 50 striker with someone who plays center forward for Tranmere Rovers. The gap really is that big.
Poch is definitely in the top 10.
>shouting at players to make forward runs and telling people where to press.\n\nThis is litterally one of the things he is known for, he's a leader on the pitch.
The point is the players should know already wtf are they doing in training. Encourage and motivate yes, not come in as a new signing literally giving them tactical direction in lieu of the manager.
So would you sack Poch after a season too id he didnt make top 4?
Top 4 isn't necessarily that important, its what you can see on the pitch. If he was taking risks and trying to play like he did during the interim i wouldn't care where Ole finished. At least we would be building a system that would be laying the foundations of progress. \n\nThis limp dick counter attacking Mourinho esque football is awful and its been awful for 9 months yet he keeps trying the same thing over and over unless its a big club away where he shuts up shop with the 3-5-2.\n\n14 months dude its not good enough.
Yeah, I\u2019ll criticize Ole if Bruno continues playing there when Matic is back next game but his hand was pretty much forced here
Think it\u2019ll be Scott/Fred Bruno Paul in a midfield 3 when everybody is fit. We were fantastic in a 4-3-3/4-3-1-2 diamond last season and would love it if Ole reverted back to it more
Pereira started in midfield with Fred, they swapped inexplicably.
Other than keep Pereira there?
Fred-Periera in midfield and we lose this
We'll have to disagree. I don't think any manager would get top four with this squad. Perhaps when everyone is fit, but they aren't, and they haven't been for a long time.\n\nThe point is not to compare Ole and Klopp as managers in terms of talent. The point is to show that when you have a poor squad, there is only so much even the world's best managers can do. \n\nAs has been rightly pointed out, Klopp was already one of the world's best managers when he came to Liverpool, and Ole isn't.\n\nAnd yet pointing this out is only strengthening my point. One of the world's best managers could only take a squad which finished PL runners-up the year before to 8th place in his first season.\n\nGuardiola had a troubling first season with City as well.\n\nAt the end of the day, my point is that it doesn't matter how good a manager you are when you inherit a squad this bad. Changing manager now is completely counter productive.
Klopp first season was only a half season. Cant do anything about the points rodgers has dropped before he came.
Making a double sub in the 88th minute - that not on Ole?\n\nHaving Bruno play deep, at times right back? That not on Ole?
Of course any manager would not get top four lol. But the squad is actually pretty good, Poch would do it easily
Poch was fired because he couldn't get champions league finalists into the top 7. Yet you think he will drive this team into fourth?
> The funny thing is they'll be the same people who are #PochOut or #TuchelOut in two years should they get their wish.\n\nHow do you know? If you actually knew something about football you could find a logical reason why people are Ole out but you're just living in the delusion that this manager who can't beat Burnley's or Bournemouth's with a squad this good will be the one who gets us where we need to be. Tell me, how is this squad not good enough to beat borderline championship level sides?
K
200m spent. Not replaced our striker that left in the summer. Gave new contracts to Jones and Mata. Tried to tie down Young to another year before he left.  \n\nTEN LEAGUE GAMES WON SINCE APRIL 2019 \n\n\u201dwaa his squad is bad\u201d \n\nOr, maybe. Just maybe. He\u2019s not a good enough manager.
RemindMe! 2 years \"u/speedb0at: 200m spent. Not replaced our striker that left in the summer. Gave new contracts to Jones and Mata. Tried to tie down Young to another year before he left. \n\nTEN LEAGUE GAMES WON SINCE APRIL 2019 \n\n\u201dwaa his squad is bad\u201d \n\nOr, maybe. Just maybe. He\u2019s not a good enough manager.\"
Replacing a manager rarely helps.
Like I said, we started Andreas, he won't start in Sheffield he shouldn't start here
Yeah, agreed. \n\nLindelof had a solid game too.
DM should be the absolute priority alongside RW in the summer.
Yes. There are so many positions we need players its absurd we let it get to this point
[deleted]
All those extra years of watching clearly didn\u2019t help boomer.
Yeah mate. Ole is the best manager in the world and no other coach, not even Sir Alex could get us to score and not look like morons on the pitch
Thats the only thing you noticed?
Dan James was shit. Our defense was solid. Also our ATTACKING MIDFIELD SIGNING WAS SWITCHED TO CDM. Bruno was the only one who even remotely showed any chance of scoring besides the Dalot header.
You really think James is United first 11 quality?
It has to be said but are the coaches not capable of implementing a certain style with these players other than counter attacking?
I really don't think so. They've been at it for over a year now, let's not forget. A good coach can make mediocre players look good. Our make great players look mediocre.
He had half a brain not to wait 88 minutes to make subs. He subbed 2 midfielders for 2 wingers at half time today
Resting players and trying to get into fourth so your more likely to able to attract top players maybe starts to show a bit of vision for the future?
Perpetually getting into 4th place so we can bring in high profile players and hope that they click into a title winning side is not a vision for the future. It\u2019s pissing away the money we should be spending on rebuilding the side with players who want to play for the club.\n\nA vision for the future needs to include shaping the environment at the club (which I\u2019ll argue Ole is doing well considering he knows the club) and implementing and identity on the pitch (which Ole doesn\u2019t do well) concurrently. If we get top 4 for the sake of getting top 4 then all we\u2019ll bring in is a bunch of mercenaries looking for a big payday.
True. Martial is either a support striker or a LW. Once Ighalo starts playing, it has to be Ighalo & Greenwood as ST choices, and Martial/James as LW choices. \n\nMy hope is that Martial can partner up with Ighalo, but if he can't, then move James on the left and play Dalot as RW.
I would say passing it aimlessly around the edge of the box for a couple minutes is a pattern of play. Not a good one, mind you.
 \n\nIve heard it was also Raiolas insertion of a buyout clause- but if its just the players not excited to come to Man United\u2026 that\u2019s Woodwards fault for destroying our brand of football over last 7 years anyways, so fuck him twice!
 \n\nIve heard it was also Raiolas insertion of a buyout clause- but if its just the players not excited to come to Man United\u2026 that\u2019s Woodwards fault for destroying our brand of football over last 7 years anyways, so fuck him twice!
 \n\nIve heard it was also Raiolas insertion of a buyout clause- but if its just the players not excited to come to Man United\u2026 that\u2019s Woodwards fault for destroying our brand of football over last 7 years anyways, so fuck him twice!
Ai, could still get him, but we really needed a quality striker now is the point- tho turning down a lower fee to then pay a higher fee does seem to be Woodwards expert negotiating tactic haha- re Maguire, Fellaini etc
There\u2019s people all over the place online saying Poch would improve us massively when I don\u2019t believe he would and I\u2019m as entitled to my option as you. I wasn\u2019t arguing with anyone it was a general comment. We need signings more than anything else and our board has shown they can\u2019t do many of them in a window these days. I simply don\u2019t believe a manager change will fundamentally make us much better than we are right now without a structural overhaul.
Obviously Poch won\u2019t solve our biggest problem which is Ed Woodward, but he would definitely improve us in terms of tactics and coaching. \n\nYou\u2019re perfectly entitled to your stance that nothing will change with Poch, I just disagree and I think he can do better with this group of players than Ole. His track record proves it.
If it would have happened the cameras would not have been able to ignore it. Fans have walked out previously as well and the cameras always point it out. Once it happens every show talks about it. In the end all that is needed is enough pressure that Ed gets sick of it, appoints a DoF and butts out of football operations.
Oh agree, depth is an issue to be sure. We knew a deep 2 of Pereira and Fred doesn't work.\n\nPersonally would have liked to see Ole take risks with our squad so thread bare. Not sure if it would work but play Lindelof in a holding midfield role, hides his weakness somewhat in the air and he's capable of taking the ball up at times. Then either Jones or Shaw in CB with McGuire
He could do that but if he did and it didn\u2019t work, he\u2019d get slammed far worse than he did today where we came away with a point. Now isn\u2019t really the time to take risks to be honest imo.
Shaw kept Traore at bay and was constantly pushing forward once Traore was out. He had great match for us.
What about AWB?
\nWhat game were you watching?
rEbOoT!
Absolute worst banter on reddit this.
Crybaby? Lol. I'm just stating facts. I don't know why some of our players are everywhere on the pitch. It's simply because they come into the game without plan. \n\nCome on stop defending ole and stop believing ole would do wonders with pog, mcsauce and rash. We have played witgout ideas even with them on the pitch.
I dont get why people are crying. Desperate times need desperate measures. Pereira is a crap football player who cannot play as a cdm. We tried for the first 30 minutes where bruno had to cover for him. Then bruno and pereira swapped positions and we looked much better.
Is this satire?
Absolutely. You can\u2019t expect a guy who\u2019s only experience is relegating Cardiff to come in and manage  one of the biggest clubs in the world like he\u2019s competent or something. \n\nHe needs time to learn the ropes. Make mistakes, and learn from them. Needs 5 years minimum and a whole new starting XI of players who are aligned with his philosophy so he can start this cultural reboot. We need to be patient with him.
Were you born yesterday? Go home kid.
I'm 30 but thanks for that. I feel really insulted.
Honestly I agree with you, Moyes suffered because he had to fill in SAF's shoes but his work at Everton had been solid before that
I mean, have you been watching????
Every match for the last 15 years. Yes I\u2019ve been watching.
And yet he still waits 87 mins to make 2 subs
Well who else do you suggest we play? Lingard? Pereira? Chong?
I'm not suggesting anything, your post sounded like our team sheet for the next game was something to look forward to. I really can't get genuinely excited about those names anymore. No gamechangers at this club.
Forgot 5th was mid table
Definitely maybe we could've seen bruno in a more advanced role.  Matic has been brilliant the past month too.
Martials got 10 goals 3 assist 2 MOTM since his return from injury. So to say shocking since his injury is a bit of a exaggeration. He's not been great since the past month. \n\nDan James on the other hand had a good August. His pressing is good and hes good on the counter. But other than that he's not that great. Neto who plays for wolves made a impact when he came on the pitch and he's 19.
I'm not saying Martial doesn't have the goods, but he has to produce more, and he's got to be more consistent. Plus he has to add more tools in his arsenal.\n\nAny purple patch he's had has come when he's had help. But when the team has to rely on him to step up when others are injured, then he fades away. I'm not saying get rid of him, but I just don't see us putting all our hopes on him. This is tough to say b/c I used to be Martial FC.\n\nWhat are we really talking about here? Are we saying he should be our number 1 striker? If so, then he has to put up much higher numbers.
Lindelof did play there a bit for Benfica if I'm not wrong
Hope this helps
He's not even moving. Looks static all the time, not running behind the defense or looking for space. Can't feed him if he doesn't try to get the ball.
He\u2019s shielding the glazers and Woodward so much that he\u2019ll probably stay especially since most of our fans still support him.
Every chance we get to capitalise we don\u2019t. Manager is fucking clueless. Anyone that supports him is almost implicit in the downfall of the club.
Ex Watford striker is the key, obviously.
Playing defense.
I think it's widely forgotten just how godly he was at, Chelsea.
He was wasted out wide for a big part of his utd career
Fellaini
For this game, drop perreira put mata as 10 and greenwood at right. Just my opinion thou.
Greenwood isn\u2019t a mid or a rw he won\u2019t track back. Wolves are a counter attacking team. And you need a player who can track back, hence James.
Instead of who?
His favorites? Whoever they are. 3 starters are injured. Literally who else is he supposed to put on. We have no depth
There's clearly tactics. They just aren't very good
i ain't want to hear no one ever complaint about glazers ever again.
Maybe. But I\u2019d settle for him teaching the lads how to actually play football.
The players have no quality... Inability to pass 5 yards inability to pass with any urgency. Inability to take anyone on. Inability to cross. Unwilling to fight for the ball. You can't teach those things to premier league players who have been in top academy's for their whole lives.  \n\nOur best attacker? Rashford injured long term. Our best 2 midfielders? Pogba injured most the season. Mctominay injured been out awhile. Players like James brought in to be subs yet has played nonstop and is exhausted. Wan-bissaka is exhausted too but nobody to replace him... Dalot is back from injury now but has to cover other places. \n\nHow is poch going to do any better? Seriously we've had Mourinho with a better team he didnt do any better. We had LVG who had a good side didn't do any better. \n\nLets no kid ourselves and focus on the actual issue of the owners and Ed Woodward being clueless in signings and taking forever for those that are worthwhile that the team suffers and we are where we are now
I think people using this narrative of \"what if the next one doesnt work, what do we do then?\" are failing to understand modern football. There are very few managers in the world that are really long term. Even Pep will probably leave City in a couple seasons cause he doesnt really stick around for years and years. Klopp might stick around at Pool but he is known to burn out. It's a cycle and a long term vision doesnt require the same manager. That is more about structure and recruitment which we need a DoF for.\n\nOle and his coaches have shown that they aren't good enough. This last year is evidence of that. If you have the chance to bring in a very good manager or stick with one that is no where near the level we need, then logically you go for Poch over Ole. The only reason why people are saying no to this is literally because of what Ole was as a player. If Poch doesnt work out then we go again. All of the successful teams have done this. They didnt rebuild with one manager. City won PL, had a season not winning the PL and replaced their manager. Chelsea have been doing it for years. Leicester sacked Ranieri not long after winning the league with him. If it isnt working then change it.\n\nWe were lucky to have the greatest manager in history. We are not that club anymore so we are not above changing things if they arent working.
Dont give a Fuck, we shouldnt be having a manager thats learning as he\u2019s going. 200m spent under his management and we\u2019re 38 point behind our biggest rivals. Especially When Poch and Allegri are available. Get over your affection for Ole and see how shit we\u2019ve been. Since april 2019. 10 League wins. Relegation form.
If you hate the football now, you surely must be having a laugh if you think Allegri is going to be anything but awful to watch with this lot
Hard to argue with you there.
That\u2019s one of the biggest problems at United: pathetic infatuation with past glory that\u2019s preventing any sort of movement into modernity.
The infatuation is perpetuAted by those in charge, a corpse with puppet strings telling fans to invest their time and attention
Carrick was employed by Mourinho and Ole kept him on. Ole\u2019s mistake was back Phelan and reverting to 2010 football. Carrick should go manage the u16 and Phelan should go back into retirement
>Ole\u2019s mistake was back Phelan and reverting to 2010 football\n\nThis is unsubstantiated and based on nothing. What makes you paint Phelan as some kind of dinosaur? Because he served under Fergie for years?  Do you know what his exact role is in the coaching department and how he executes it?
\u201cUnITed dNA\u201d
Striker for me
Cheers for your contribution.
He played on the left in the first half mate and was dire
I was unsure watching the broadcast, thought it coulda gone either way
I made it as a hand ball, would have been soft but if we\u2019re using VAR and magnifying every incident, it\u2019s hand ball.
Ya I'm not blaming Fernandes, we'll need to see more I just dont think he'll be able to save our attack it looks doomed until Pogba is back, if he even comes back.
Don't worry, I was criticizing Ole, not you. I reckon if he plays at number 10 he's a completely different player.
Think about the team a year ago : we had Young playing as a right back and Jones/Smalling partnering an already shaky Lindelof . Fred was in the boonies having never been given a chance . Lingard was the brand ambassador and Sanchez hung around the club like a bad shadow\n\n\nFast forward : Young and Smalling are gone. Jones and Lingard slowly phases out . We have a good CB partnership ,  a good central midfield signing , Fred back from the dead . And the best defensive right back in England. There is (very very slow) progress
And yet we are still shit and play really bad football. Like let's be honest. We are lucky that every team around us is so inconsistent because any other season, we would not be where we are. Chelsea have been inconsistent, signed no one in 2 transfer windows and are better. People will make excuses and say they have Kante and Willian but it's not just the personnel. It's the way they play. They play to win matches. They can break down stubborn defences and they have the ability to outscore a team when they concede. We go 1-0 down and we already know we aren't winning. \n\nI take your point that last year the players were worse. But think about it, we have better players now and Fred has come back from the dead, yet we are performing like this at home to Wolves and Burnley. Can we really say there is progress?
I don't really care about the effort players seem to give... Was Berbatov crap because he did not sprint 50 times a game?
You dont care about the effort players give!?!?!?\n\nBerba is another animal man. Tony is not even close from what he has showed this far. And when the quality of the squad isnt better, you need to work harder to compensate. We cant cruise through on pure class obviously.
I'm not talking about Wolves man. Burnley, Bournemouth, West Ham, Newcastle, Aston Villa, Watford, Southampton.. Want more??
Beat City drew to Liverpool woo so amazing, what about dropping points probably 10 times to relegation fodder this season?
They dont see it mate. Its pointless. All they\u2019ll do is downvote or say \u201dWeLl ItS a ProCceSs\u201d and other bullshit.
> how could we ever even imagine beating Liverpool or City\n\nReplying to that bit mate. We dont have to imagine beating City we've done it twice, and in the first Liverpool game we were unlucky imo.
System is not asking for Pereira to smash the ball into Shaw\u2019s legs as he\u2019s making a run in front of him.
Yeah he can't play as deep as he did in the first half. Glad we fixed that for the second, his impact wasn't better but at least we looked steady at the back.
System maybe not but you can drill those habits into the players through coaching and you can definitely do it within 14 months of coaching.
Lol. Player (24 yo, mind you) makes brain dead decisions.  \n\nRedditor: Shit coaching. \n\nNani used to be like this, not as bad but similar streak of frustrating decision making. Fergie and his staff couldn\u2019t fix that until the end. So what does that say about Fergie? \n\nAlso Fred has completely transformed in the last couple of months. I\u2019m presuming you think that\u2019s all on the player and no credit to the coaching staff?
Agreed. Why doesn't Angel Gomes ever get a chance? He seems out of Ole's radar
People say he\u2019s not good enough and all that. But how do people know that if he\u2019s not given the chance? At this point, a chair would be better than Lingard and Pereira
Mate I don't see how this sub will say things like we have better depth than Sheffield and Leicester when every time a first team player is out of form or injured we want to shove kids in there to solve our problems.\n\nDo we honestly think that the players that Leicester and Sheffield have stockpiled and held on to for over 4 seasons are worse than our academy grads who have less than 50 games to them? Mental.
I\u2019m not saying our kids are going to magically set the world on fire. But when two of our no. 10s have a grand total of 1 goal and 3 assists in the league this season, how much worse than Gomes do? Heck, we could play Mata instead of these chuckle bros. At least Mata isn\u2019t brain dead. And no says we have better depth than those teams. They\u2019re saying we have more quality than them and should be playing much better than we currently do
Losing Gill and Fergie hurt us a lot because how great they were at their jobs, and because we didn't replace them with proper people. \n\nI don't see how getting rid of two people not fit for the job is in any way comparable.
Being more proactive in creating chances, what was the plan today? Hoping that Wolves will cock it up somehow and we take advantage of that.
That's like saying we should score more goals to win. No shit Sherlock
He was definitely bought with the view of starting because the only recognized winger we had before signing him was rashford.
You may be right and if we thought he was up to the task that's unfortunate. The PL isn't played as openly as the championship, and without room, he offers very little.
Only took 6 months before people got on his back too. \n\nCan't wait for people to start calling Greenwood shite in 10 months time.\n\n\nThat said, James has been in poor form, but that's besides the point. He's got 3 goals and 6 assists in the league, that's not to be scoffed at. Very clear that there is a player in him. Just not ready to be playin week in week out
Totally agree but he will probably never be much more than that. Unless he can learn to create more in tight areas his game will fade quickly when he loses his legs.
>Only took 6 months before people got on his back too. \n\n\nI never rated him since the day he was signed. Looked nothing more than a pace merchant and is proving me right so far.
He needs to be shipped off to a team that suits his limited skillset. I don't even know why you're bringing Greenwood into this, the kid has scored 9 goals this season with less game time than James. He's also four years younger
Some fans are just that: FAns. And like fans they\u2019ll blow hot and cold.
Just like how Matic was supposed to \"unlock\" Pogba.
Matic did unlock Pogba when Ole first showed up, to be fair. Those days seem so hard to remember now.
Sanchez the creative spark
Hopefully 433
Why do you guys constantly give him every excuse in the world? You realise we have Garner whose highly regarded that can play in midfield and surely would offer more than Andreas? But OGS as much as he talks about the academy doesn\u2019t play them when we have injuries
Why did ole put bruno in cdm ? \nHe was close to david de gea...\nWe have better players than sheffield united yet they play better than us because they actually have a coach.
there was literally two midfielders available at the club and he was one
Chris Wilder has been at Sheff Utd for 4+ year now, he's had time to find a system that works, with the players he's got. Ole has been here less time, got rid of a lot of deadwood and is finding his feet. Give it till the end of the season and let's see how it goes. If we keep rotating managers we won't develop and will continue in this cycle of shit.
Neither this entire season
We need a striker, RW, DM and a Pogba replacement if he leaves. Not really a left back.
I don't think Shaw will ever truly become the player we all hope. He's the highest paid LB in the world but plays nothing like it. We will have trouble shifting him but we definitely need someone better. \n\n\nRest I agree on
What are you on about? I didn't say Bruno played badly, he was arguably the best one on the pitch.\n\nIf his shot went in that doesn't change that we played our creative attacking midfielder as a defensive mid for the majority of the game.\n\nDon't be calling other people fickle when you don't even understand what people are saying lad
You\u2019re expecting our fortunes to have changed overnight because we signed 1 player, who\u2019s literally playing his first game.\n\nIt\u2019s gonna take time for him to settle and have an impact.\n\nMagic is injured so he didn\u2019t really have any other choice. It was quite clear when we signed him he was versatile enough to be played in different roles, including as a DM
 [https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EPxZqPlU4AAUdct?format=jpg&name=medium](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EPxZqPlU4AAUdct?format=jpg&name=medium) \n\n :/
I'm guessing this is him replying to someone? Sorry I don't have much context as I'm in England and it's probably only been a big story in Norway\n\n\nSeems he played in Norway for a while but I'm guessing it all occurred during his time at Molde? In what way did Ole defend him? Genuinely curious. Typical manager no comment until after police investigation or was he more on the side of the player. Defending a rapist ain't a good look
Delusion, mate. It's not even an opinion what I commented, it's factual knowledge.
I honestly hate what this sub has become. Shocking.
I agree mate,\n\nI read up on it and it all sounds a bit fishy to me. However, I won't point the finger without a proper investigation, conviction and evidence.
Because people want to stick their head in the sand. Its fine. Nice to see that some people see the truth.
Brendan rogers took 1 month to implement his tactics and style of play, Arteta's Arsenals have already shown loads of signs of improvement and they destroyed us too. You don't need 3 years and 6 transfer windows to implement your style of play. He is not good enough.
Klopp did \ud83e\udd37\n\nAlso Ole's first few months were superb, so what's your point?
>He needs a minimum of 1 more full season\n\nTo do what, relegate us? Because in case you haven't noticed, we're getting worse under him, not better.
But we're never going to get better if we keep swapping managers every 2 seasons!
but why? what has he shown that makes you think this is the guy who will make it work? I've seen nothing from him, the team still plays like shit, he still picks lingard and pereira and doesn't give chances to younger players who may do better, because they can't do worse. He says silly things, he's just not the guy. \n\nAnd that's fine, I was opposed to him getting the gig full time, but if a club has 10 problems for instance, and we can't fix some of them, why would not fix ones we can? I've just seen nothing to indicate that he can turn it around\n\nI think he gets kept on honestly, I think its at least until this seasons end he stays though
What??? No. He can sod off. Is this Manchester United or Cardiff ??
Exactly! Not Chelsea, Manchester United! We're supposed to build long term dominance, not a band of mercenaries to win the CL. Keep swapping out everyone after 10 mins and we won't get any better, you'll just keep shouting for a new change. Investment takes time. You want instant results, go get yourself a blue shirt!!
Wasn't the lack of creativity the problem? That's what people kept saying, our football would improve if only we had creativity.\n\n Bruno offered it in spades and he was highly motivated yet he had the same problem as Pogba he would look up and no one was moving it was statuesque passing the ball to feet side to side. He is coming in to a team that isn't coached properly.\n\nEdit: Dude seriously didn't you see him pointing at where to press and passing it in front of them its embarassing man, even on his debut he knows our tactics are shit.
See it's not Ole's fault our forwards are statues. Coaching players to make off the ball runs is literally impossible.\n\nWe just need to keep buying forwards until we find non statues that can move by themselves. If it means backing Ole with 500m, then so be it.
Half the team? Rash, pogba and mctom only injured. At one point liverpool got 6 of their players injured
Yeah even if we look good for a game or two at go back to this shit. We need some kind of tactics to get near a goal
This team has 2 of its best players and a midfield anchor injured. Performances are always going to be worse. Have some patience and hopefully results will show when they are back.
With a fully fit side we got rinsed 4-0 by everton and lost to Cardiff last season, drew to 10 man Southampton and lost to palace this season. But yeah keep making excuses for this loser of a manager.
That's no excuse of losing to Burnley and Wolves. Judt stop.
Erm \u201ctrust the youfth\u201d and start Gardner or someone because AP is as useless as it gets
Player quality isn't there, one of many problems.\n\n\nThat being said, a good manager gets the best from what he has...
Agree. Just saying, what else can we expect? Until we have Pogba and Rash back, it'll be more of the same. I'll just be glad to get the season over with.
Ugh.. thanks
Two different things, season and match. Match was against a team we've played multiple times and struggled all time, team which makes most top teams sweat. Obviously it's not great but it's not end of the world either.
Yeah, and we have only played this team twice this season. So whats the excuse for doing so bad against the other teams?
Take your outrage googles off and recognise the team wolves is.
SAF would slap you.
It might just be his downfall. 4 managers appointed and all 4 failed to some extent... All 4 were picked by him(or his team), the problem is Glazers don't care...
But it\u2019s our worst prem league since it was formed. He\u2019s made it VERY easy for a competent manager to do better, I\u2019ll give him that.
That, i agree with. Thank goodness he didn\u2019t go for Rice or Longstaff.
How about we try to take charge of the match and for them to defend instead of being so damn reactive all the time.
You guys would probably put Messi at CB because Barca's defense is shit.
Why would we have lost the game ? Don't you realize that having Bruno in his favorite position also greatly increases the chance of us scoring a goal ?
Can't you see that you're criticising Ole for making a correct tactical change?\n\nWhat good is a slightly increased possibility of Bruno scoring when weighed against the almost certainty the Wolves will.
A supposedly attacking manager would have let Bruno attack and not try to shut the game down at Old Trafford with 45 min to go. Barca's defense is poor, yet they don't play Messi or Suarez as CBs. They let them do their own thing in their best roles. People were irate when Jose played Pogba deep.
Still though, people having a different opinion doesn't make them \"apologists\". There's a plague going around this sub with people using a \"us&them\" mentality among our own fans. We like the same team and we want the same team to perform. You might disagree with them, but you/me/them are all just guessing, none of us know the best way back to the top.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nSecondly, the difference in attacking possibilities from a CAM and CDM/CM is not as large as the difference between a forward and a CB. That is not a fair representation of the situation. However, if Barcelona was found in a situation where Messi/Suarez would struggle to get involved in the game, you can be sure that they would drop them lower. It's funny you used Messi as an example because they've done that several times in his career there actually. All though, he is on a different level than us mere mortals so it's probably still not a very fair parallell.
He's a young player that has had very few minutes but has shown glimpses of promise. Lingard is 27, went over a year without scoring but okay.
Chong hasn't shown so much as a glimmer of promise in the first team.\n\nHis experience at junior level means nothing now.
Oh okay, i don't watch training so I can't comment. Kind of defeats the whole purpose of this subreddit doesn't it? Hope you haven't ever criticised the glazers or ed since you aren't in the boardroom meetings
The point I was making is that you can\u2019t really say that Ole \u201cdoesn\u2019t have a clue how talented they are\u201d but you do, given the fact that he has far more information than you do... \n\nCriticism isn\u2019t the same as just making ridiculous blanket statements.
Passing the ball forward and quickly and actually moving in attack would be a good place to start
Did you see the game? These players can't string 3 passes together. They were bullied off the ball in final third fot most of the game too.
His insistence on 4-2-3-1 is ridiculous
He's been so disastrous in the past decade that I think he's worse.
Ole would definitely get Sunderland and west ham relegated \n\nhth
Weren\u2019t watching during his spell at Everton no?
Almost half the outfield players on the field were Ole guys, but he still isn't the problem.
Well getting rid of him is a step in the right direction at least.
No it's not. It's just papering over the cracks and the real problems which are both the board AND the players attitude. A lot of players don't care about winning trophies and winning matches just like the board. Just like the board a lot of players are only in the club for their paycheck and I'll include Martial.
>  What the fuck are you expecting from Ole?\n\nTo beat Bournemouth, Sheffield, Astanta, Rochdale, Aston Villa and Burnley?\n\nAre you gonna argue that Ole needs millions of investment into this squad to beat all of them?\n\nEven with injuries, he fucks up against teams still worse in almost every position. Do you ever see him beating Klopp or Pep to a PL title?
Football is competitive, you need to get your head out of the Fergie days and stop comparing us to City or Liverpool. Look around us, look at Tottenham, Chelsea, Arsenal. We're all not great. Atleast we can say we pretty much haven't had our best player or a fully fit first 11 all season. Massive players been out for us at critical times. I'm backing Ole.
You lowkey think Oles doing a good job lmao
You \"low-key\" are a United fan with a username dedicated to a sacked Tottenham manager. Fuck off.
No one said this when Rodgers was appointment. All the players you listed were inconsistsnt and wank.\n\nLeicester were playing relegation esque football. Rodgers has rejuvenated everyone. If Ole took over, there's literally 0 chance Leicester would as high a 3rd. They'd be fighting relegation
I\u2019ll agree with u on this one today, that front 3 was abysmal. Why we don\u2019t start dalot, greenwood against teams who sit back is beyond me. Why we continue to stick with a 2 man midfield with makeshift players is also beyond me. Some stuff need to change because this wasn\u2019t good enough
Why I\u2019m saying it\u2019s on ole is because he\u2019s the one who\u2019s coaching the side. Trust me I want ole to succeed more than anything but martial had no movement between the CB\u2019s. James should\u2019ve been subbed off after 30 mins, we should\u2019ve switched our system after the first 30 mins that\u2019s why I\u2019m frustrated
Andrea's should've been taken off much earlier. Also, we don't need a CDM. Absolute waste of a player.
We don\u2019t need 2 people in the middle of the park?? \nFred would have been torn apart if it was just him vs wolves 2-3 CM\u2019s
If Pereira isn't good enough, he shouldn't be on the pitch. Pick literally anyone else. Sacrificing the team because one player is trash is ridiculous. Fernandes was the only person that even tried.
What kind of magic squad depth do you think we have? Matic, Pogba and Scott are all out.
He didn\u2019t figure that out in training? That AP never plays well in that position?
You didn't watch the same game mate. He played behind Fred the second half, in a position he never played at Sporting. He is a creative player that should not be spending his whole game at midfield with the defense.
he did not play \"behind fred\" as you are claiming they played a double pivot and both stepped forward when needed on their sides. This is our tactic, its a shame we are without Matic, but Andreas is no good in that role. And Bruno is very capable of play-making from deep, even if it is not his best role.
So your solution is to take a creative attacking midfielder and play him at CDM because of another player is trash.
[deleted]
He\u2019d be good somewhere else. Not here. It\u2019s not for him
Today he got dribbled. Still not a stat that really matters
I agree it\u2019s not a stat that matters but as far as 1v1s go, he locks it down tight. One of the best in Europe by the numbers. The only problem the kid has is his aerial ability.
Smalling has always been a better defender. That's not a debatable point.\n\nThough idk why it's being brought up. Ole isn't struggling because of defense
Cheers a lotta people in here don't. Ole. is afraid of losing his job, he's playing it safe, the same as Mourinho. I hope Pochettino will take over in the summer.
Perhaps then, the rumours of the PSG sporting director joining up is a positive then?
Yes he got dispossessed a lot, but he was also the top dribbler and top tackler of the game. Also his final attacking action nearly won us the game.
His crosses didn\u2019t beat the first man and he gave the ball on a couple of occasions
But he did his defensive chores pretty good today.
What are you talking about lol? Didn\u2019t have a single successful cross and even gave the ball away in a dangerous position in the second half. He\u2019s decent at defending. That\u2019s all he is good at. The fact that you\u2019re saying that he was excellent just shows how standards have fallen
Yeah he does that most games, and my god is it fucking frustrating to watch, but my point lies more where people have a few shit games, then, even when they play ok, they are still shat on. Shaw is getting shit for this game when he played very well imo. Same thing happened with Ashley Young, and you could see that through the player ratings on this sub.
Fair enough lmao, probably should started on my Shaw point, because that was the point i was trying to get across. I just get frustrated with negativity and wish everyone was a bit more happy, in general not just this sub
He does overdribble a lot but i thought in the first half it was toned down a lot xompared to recent matches. idk im a bit tired so maybe im forgetting things, but yes he does need to keep his fucking head up a lot more
Bruno's shot was created by shaws overlapping run. There were a few occasions, he got forward too. I think Williams is on much better form though, but Shaw is still capable i think.
I agree because he makes a lot of wrong decisions, but he's capable of making the right ones too. He created Martial's big chance against Liverpool, set up a Brandon W open goal, and he made more right than wrong today in the first half from what i saw. Absolutely terrible in the second half tho, i couldve made better decisions with the ball
In what world should he be a regular starter for Manchester United? Offers nothing other than pace
Doesn't make him an \"awful awful\" footballer. He is young and don't have the IQ yet. Makes a lot of wrong runs and bad positioning. Give him time
>not someone whose scored a goal 20 years ago for them.\n\n126 goals m8, you were 125 goals short.\nPlastic.
You're obviously dumb. I'm referring to the goal he scored to win us the treble. Plastic would be someone who's happy to keep Ole and keep lowering the standards of the club.
Also for me, but he is far away that both Pogba and McTom to come back.\n\nAnd my point was that with both of them the excuses should end, we still will miss Rashford but we will have a good team
Played greenwood from the start, Williams or Dalot in front of Shaw or AWB, respectively, because they can cross unlike any of our other options. \n\nJames is shit again teams that can defend. Mata is not useful generally.
Greenwood exists. Someone that wants to actually get into the box. Moron.
[deleted]
This is what I meant with player \"type\" - like you wont get Ronaldo to be a technical 10, Lingard and Peirera will never be deep lying players, responsible for moving the ball through the build up phase. This is irrelevant of the level of player. Of course there are limits, which you as a coach work to keep your players inside. But a championship player that is a deep lying playmaker, would be better for us than Lingard there. There is no other option for us today
I'm not sure what you're referring to when you say deep-lying playmaker. I'd argue that Fred is something of a deep-lying playmaker. I have also seen Pereira play there, although he's not great at it. \n\nBut that's besides the point anyway because Ole isn't trying to use them as deep-lying playmakers, he's using them in the hole. I totally agree that Lingard and Pereira have limitations that will prevent them from ever being great playmakers but I still think that a better manager could get more from them as well as the rest of the side...
They leaned on their strengths throughout their transition. Giggs was always a good passer, Scholes a genius in general. Peirera isnt fit to tie their laces
Possess*
It's too early to say. IMHO Maguire has been good, AWB good at defence and James has been shocking.
You stfu
You stfu
They deserve my misery
I\u2019m not even bashing against bruno. What are you talking about?
Your bashing the fact that we\u2019ve now got a creative player and automatically think it should make us play amazingly. The guy needs time to gel with the squad for him to get the tactics, give Ole a bit of time to work with him and get an actual CDM back to put him further forward. If we still look shit after a few games then you can start bashing the ole out drum.
\ud83d\ude02 can\u2019t accept the fact that I\u2019m right? You\u2019re all muppets.
Defending Ole doesn't equal to being Glazers sympathizers, therefore you're wrong. I respect your opinion that you want a different coach for us, but defending Ole and sympathizing with Glazers are two entirely different things.
I guess we were better. But you still don't see the one touch sequences that we should be seeing at Manchester United. One thing that I notice is how rarely a player has made his decision BEFORE receiving the ball. In my opinino the best attacking play occurs when players know where they want to go with the ball before they get it. Too often our players are caught still making their decisions with the ball at their feet. That extra split second is often the difference between getting behind the defense or just staying out on the periphery. Does that make sense?\n\nRandom question: Do you play the game?
Today I saw quite a bit of one touch football, which felt like it was instigated by Bruno from his positivity from the start.\n\nIt makes sense, and I saw some today and I hope we get more in the future.\n\nYea, five-a-side mainly, but I haven't had the chance to break in my new boots as it's too fucking cold!
Totally agree. We rarely play 1 touch football. 3, 4, 5 touches. That\u2019s why we can\u2019t break teams down. They sit behind the ball, knowing we don\u2019t have the confidence to play the cutting 1 touch passes needed to create chances.\n\nWhich is a shame because when we actually play with a bit of confidence and play with some speed and players move when off the ball, it works. It\u2019s that simple. \n\nThe players have no confidence, no bottle, the kind you see from Rashford when he receives the ball. So complacent, almost an acceptance - it\u2019s sad.
Even a stopped clock tells the right time twice a day.
If you have two watches set at different times, you\u2019ll never know the time. So what\u2019s your point?
Sarcastic jokes after a nil-nil draw at home against Wolves. Brilliant. That\u2019s our manager.
Wow
How is that wow? Four years and a half is a lot in a player's career. I don't see how he can get any better when he has been given so many opportunities to grow as a player.
Missed passes and dispossessed far too much for being just named POTM i m o
Fred gave away the ball about 500 times this game.  I think compared to being POTM for the last few weeks, that's pretty shite.  AWB did his job.  He made some immense tackles, and at the end had some real opportunities to assist.\n\nSorry I'm not as on Fred's nuts as everyone else.
AWB couldn\u2019t get the ball passed the first man throughout the game. He had opportunities, yea, and he fucked them all up. He only had one decent go at the last minute.\n\nFred put his all on the pitch today. If you\u2019re gonna say he gave the ball away \u201c500 times\u201d then you\u2019re just ignoring the fact that he was everywhere making plays. He was all over the pitch.
AnTotony martial
I know. But petulant angst probably isn\u2019t helping them either - at least I\u2019m enjoying myself. These guys often sound like they\u2019re about to die of anger\n\n\n\u201cpOCh iN now!!\u201d\n\n\n\nHahahah it\u2019s too much
God I hope so.
But do you know how many countries have banned people who are coming from china?
No choice today
Understandable, however bashing Bruno, who plays better at CAM when today he spent more time as CDM in between maguire and lindelof doesn\u2019t make any sense
Seriously though, I don't think he was bad but what position was he supposed to be playing and how often was he actually located near there? He was everywhere, and not in a good way. \n\nIf 10, what the fuck was Pereira doing there and why did we just sign a potentially world class 10 to play Mata there\n\nIf left, why? \n\nIf right, was never there.
Im supposed to be impressed by him constantly playing the safe option ?
Not reactionary.\n\nHe was overrun in midfield. Partly not his fault as we played a midfield 2 with Mata as the 10 meaning a completely useless defender.\n\nHowever, he was ragdolled. No two ways about it.
Just because you say no two way about it doesnt mean your right haha \nThe main problem today was down the flanks with pereira and james providing next to nothing \nWe needed bruno further up the pitch not cdm which wouldve probably taken some weight off martials shoulders\n\nNo issue with freds performance at all had a very solid game
Mctominay and Pogba actually!
Pogba assisted his first goal
Yes it was our 4-0 win vs Chelsea
Pls come back
Only a few times but before James it was Alexis, Lukaku, Mata, Martial, hell even Rashford isn't always good about making runs.\n\nOur movement off the ball has been shocking since Fergie left
Wolves are not some top team that we should be proud of having an undefeated record against lmao, they have been very poor at times this season and it's ridiculous that they make us look awful like they do.
They\u2019re clearly a good side with a solid record, just because they\u2019re not part of \u201cthe big 6\u201d doesn\u2019t give us a right to be ignorant and ignore them and right then off straight away
Because there are not hundreds of players better than Pereira in Brazilian lower leagues. If there were, most of them would not be playing in the Brazilian lower leagues.\n\nNevermind the fact that your friend doesn't even know who Andreas Pereira is and is making a determination of a player's quality based on 3 minutes of a highlight video. I wouldn't feel confident in truly assessing a player after watching 3 *matches*, let alone 3 minutes of a video.
oh come on. After the season where he won our POTY, he was so so poor with his crosses. From what I see, just yesterday, and the last 2-3 games, Wan has been putting in a couple of good crosses every game. It's for our strikers to take them, granted he's no Arnold offensively. Even that run to make space for the Mata shot was because of him.
[deleted]
That's not true he had insane crossing in the 11/12 season
In his prime, yes. But Valencia put in some truly awful crosses in his last 2 seasons with us.
It's not like Dalot isn't better than James defensively, and James was awful on the ball today.
> Do people not understand the games and just make stupid comments?\n\nYes. Probably the same people that say Ole has no tactics but come use r/soccer as their source of info
What tactics? Still the same issues persist, inability to break down a defensive team barring breakaways, terrible set pieces. I don't think Ole's tactics are good enough at all, am I an idiot that gets my info from r/soccer? \n\nWhy didn't he start Greenwood? What the fuck position was Mata supposed to be playing? Constantly waits too late to make subs. We signed a potentially World Class 10 who played at DM for the most part (Pereira, Mata, and Fred were all consistently further forward than him). No plans for the right side of the field then? (\"We just waiting for Sancho\" LoL) What's our style of play? Pacey wings and forwards (like a 12 year old playing FIFA?)...\n\n\"It's not his fault because of injuries\" (should have no bearing on our tactics or style, results maybe, but tactics and style no), \"HIS signings have been great\" (but remember our lack of depth is not his fault, that's on Woodward and the Glazers right?)\n\nI don't understand the case for him being anything above average
Did James contribute a lot defensively? I didn't see him contribute much anywhere on the field
Please please see the match again and see how many times he tracks backs in comparison to greenwood and you'll see.
Are you really asking if people frequenting this sub understand football?
>while James contributes a lot defensively.\n\nPereira was playing on the left wing. Also, Dalot is a full back. I'm sure he can do the defensive work that Dan Janes did.\n\nFor someone who complains about other people's smartness, you really need to be making better or more detailed arguments.
Andreas shifted to the left wing after he kept losing the ball in the midfield which led to Bruno dropping in his place and him moving on the wing in place of Daniel who shifted to the other side. Dan James is threat on counter and provides a more potent option in the final third. Is dalot supposed to play LW when he is a RB? Is a full back the one you want on your wing? He showed exactly why he shouldn't be there in the last minute. You are the exact same person who would have complained about Ole being too defensive if Dalot was starting in place of James.
He\u2019s probably thinking that he\u2019s got a bunch of teenagers, a makeshift winger in Dalot, and fucking Lingard
Hahaha. Not really a bunch of teenagers that started though. Only Greenwood and Williams. Maybe he needed to put Dalot in the winger position sooner.
I mean to be fair the Dalot sub isn\u2019t an obvious one. But changing SOMETHING would\u2019ve been nice
Short of injuries, if the subs are coming that early, it's because he made a mistake with the starting XI.
ah.. so either he makes them too early or too late. People just loooove complaining. couldn't be me
He clearly has the talent by the looks of it. Would be great if Ole can develop him as a proper winger.
He doesnt make runs to allow others to recieve passes. Doesnt play off the last man, doesnt look to be the one creeping in at back post. Doesnt look to get the ball crossed in so he can challenge the cb for it.
Because all we ever do is pass it sideways and the only players playing it towards him are Andreas and Fred?
Sometimes I forget that there are many angsty teens here. Thanks for reminding me
Congrats
Oh no.
No one talked about the glazers, please re read your idiotic comment again. It's idiots like you who haven't been fans for the club longer than 5 years then can't see the bigger picture
If he keeps it up, I think playing a single-pivot midfield of Fred with Pogba and Bruno ahead of him might work.
So you're telling me that it's Ole's responsibility that Jesse and Pereira can't make simple passes, and James isn't already as good as Salah?\n\nFucking hell man, he's not god.
First time I'm hearing that Jesse wasn't here under every previous manager too. This is the worst he has performed under any manager. Also, why is James looking worse now than at the start of the season. I'm not taking stats but performances.\nThere is no one making comparision with Salah but you.
Mate. Jose wanted him for 50m. What are you on about
That's what I said. Jose said he'd be insulted if he paid more than 50 million for him and guess what Leicester did the next transfer window! Increase the price by 20 mil. \n\nWhy am I getting downvoted lol? Because i spoke the truth?
And a right wing.
Maybe some more noodle sponsors..
He did try to lay it off a couple times, but they were such bad passes to him that he had to extend to get them. But his shooting is horrible when guarded by a defender. It always hits them.
I dont agree all of the passes were bad, I think his lay offs were just poor
thanks for the sincere reply. i have to admit, though, that i find that list pretty underwhelming.
Head must hurt being such an expert on things
No it\u2019s from the brain dead kids on this sub. I\u2019m not an expert and never claimed to be
Wouldn't surprise me tbh, Williams is very good going forward but more dribbling and just running at the defence. Doesn't get that many opportunities to cross seeing as he's right footed. Shaw has the same kind of style but usually crosses low from the byline and they usually get blocked anyway.
Bollocks. About three players played well. It wasn't a good team performance.
You must\u2019ve been watching a different game lad
In most cases somehow with some luck it will turn into a good goal scoring Chance.
Yea. Looking forward to the break. W Bruno should get to see some fair rotation between he and mason.
I hope we can get him. He's exactly what we need.
That\u2019s what I\u2019m saying
Well that only makes sense, given he only played one season of professional football in the 2nd division.
No because they had plenty of chances in the first half they just squandered them then collapsed
So were they absolute dog shit or not?\n\nAre you sure you know what you\u2019re watching? \n\nWolves did a great job of cutting all the passing lanes down and doubling up on every one of our attacking outlets.
How in the name of fuck were Wolves not good defensively?\n\nDon\u2019t let an agenda get in the way of common fucking sense making dense comments.\n\nOf course we were poor going forward as I said but if you know how to watch a fucking game of football you would see that Wolves tracked every runner and creative outlet with a double up and shut down every passing lane most of the time. They crowded the box. \n\nThat was an excellent defensive performance regardless of how shit we were. Wakey wakey mate.\n\n>Wolves weren\u2019t good defensively \n\nThis comment should go in the Neanderthal hall of fame. Proper dense comment.
If we were half decent we would have played right through them, but allowed inferior quality players to mark us off the field. Wake up man Tevez Rooney Giggs and Ronaldo used to blitz through the Wolves of the premier league not aimlessly pass around them for 90 mins. Then being well organized and defensively sound is all well and good but it shouldn\u2019t matter, our players are of a higher caliber and should have broke through what you deem a good defence and what I see as a small club over achieving and should\u2019ve and would\u2019ve been put in their place by a decent team.
Regardless of whether or not he has intentions of leaving in the summer or not, the idea that he'd fake an injury to miss an entire season of football is painfully stupid, like right out of the imagination of a 13 year old Liverpool fan trying to banter his United mates on the school playground. I fear for the critical thinking skills of anyone that actually subscribes to that kind of shit, it's no wonder the likes of The S*n do so well.
No one above said he's faking the injury?\n\nIt can be real and he probably still wants to leave. Both can be true.
While making 350k a week? Poor guy with his millions. LMAO. The state of you.
It\u2019s pretty much a myth that when Rashford plays Martial does a lot better, from the many times I\u2019ve watched them this season, Rashford just does Martial\u2019s job for him, i.e tracks back with the fullbacks martial **Should** be defending. As long as we win which is normally because of Rashford nobody scrutinises Martials performance even if it\u2019s his regular 5/10.
Not a myth, common sense. Player plays better when not surrounded by crap. Why should Martial track the fullback when playing as a #9? If you think Martial is the main issue of the team then you got problems. Strange how as the team as deteriorated, he's scored less goals. Oh wait, it makes perfect sense.
Score goals, create movement, track back with his runners, make runs inside, jog more than 5mph..
I hope he is back by then as those 3 players plus Bruno will transform our team
Yeah, but not as terrifying as the thought of having to play with him as the first choice for the rest of the season. At least Bruno is here now...
I mean is the comment making fun of people who always say we need X,Y and Z players to win games against opposition of any and all qualities or if it's intended to mean that Ole can be very successful with better players. The latter is something I disagree with, because Ole is not an elite coach if you ask me and I can't see us doing too well under him no matter what players we buy.
Must be sarcasm and Ole is out of his depth.
That was the second match of the season and it ended up in a draw because Pogba missed a penalty. It takes ages to build a system and implement it. Don\u2019t expect it to happen within the first few months. This wolves team plays exactly the same way always right. Same manager since 2017.
> That was the second match of the season and it ended up in a draw because Pogba missed a penalty. It takes ages to build a system and implement it.\n\nOh wow, where was that system the very next game against Palace at home? How about the Southampton game right after? Where's this supposed system right now when we're more than midway through the season already? I'm so done with all the excuses for this coaching staff.
So you want me to write a detailed analysis in a comment? And how is he supposed to play 4-3-3 today? Please do tell. Our midfield options today were Fred, Bruno, Andreas, Lingard and Mata. 4 no. 10 players who can't play in a 4-3-3 expect Bruno but it is his first game here. And not to mention the front 3 strikers. We don't have 3 strikers. Greenwood doesn't contribute in defence so he can't play in that systems yet. Please do reply to my comment with a detailed analysis of how we could have played 4-3-3 today with our current squad. A 4-2-3-1 or a 3-4-3 were the only viable systems that could be used today.
fred can hold against wolves with andreas and bruno both playing a box to box role, with equal defensive and attacking responsibility. this takes advantage of andreas\u2019s best trait (work rate) while minimizing his role in attack and giving him a less complex job to do since he would have less freedom to roam and less space to cover than he did as a 10.  \n\na 433 doesn\u2019t require three strikers. we could\u2019ve played the same front three in this system. however, since you brought it up, if it were up to me we would\u2019ve had martial wide left and greenwood up top. martial is much better out wide against packed defenses where he can face up the defender and use his dribbling skills to creat chances. james and mata, on the other hand, both suffer out wide in games like these. greenwood\u2019s movement is also miles better than martial\u2019s, and him dropping deep would enable martial to move into that space much like rashford normally would do\u2014something which james is neither suited to nor instructed to do. \n\ntogether, this setup would enable us to play centrally and in half spaces more effectively, as opposed to what we saw today in which play was focused on the wings where we are pretty horrible.\n\ni\u2019m not asking for a spielerverlung article here, but i don\u2019t see why it\u2019s too much to ask for your defense of ole\u2019s tactics to be this detailed.
A lot of people are blaming Ole for it, but a lot of people somehow think this is ALL on the board and not on our current coaching staff. Which i do not believe is a fair assessment of our recent struggles so i agree with you, our board did shorthand Ole in the summer but we should still be beating Wolves, Palace, etc with the personnel available, specially at home! And on top of that our play's awful too, so yeah...
Jurgen Klopp got relegated from the Bundesliga with Mainz by the way. Now he\u2019s the best manager in the world. \n\nOn a side note, if Dalot\u2019s header had  gone in, would you be making the same comments? We would\u2019ve won 1-0 while keeping a clean sheet, and you wouldn\u2019t be calling Ole poor tactically, right?
Jurgen Klopp also won the league over Bayern two years in a row. He was seen as one of the best managers in the world and Madrid wanted him before Liverpool took him in + did you know we have already lost two more games than he did in his first full season at Liverpool. It\u2019s disrespectful comparing him to Klopp even worse for Ole himself to do the comparison. I\u2019m United no matter what but it\u2019s glaringly obvious that Ole isn\u2019t good enough and yes his in game management is awful. Bruno the leading midfield goal scorer was playing DM next to Fred, James and Pereira were so poor but weren\u2019t brought off till so late e.t.c
We would be so much better if pogba, mctominay, rashford were available. Put sancho on the right wing and even much better. Bring ndidi or soumare in to rotate with fred. Top it off with haland and you have a team ready to win the league, maybe challenge for UCL.
He needs replacing this summer, not in a season or two
What fans wants and how the club is being run is to different things. If Pogba leaves obv. the midfield needs an overhaul. If not, they need a another player. But selling Pereira and then only have Jesse and Mata as backup is not enough. Gomes and Chong is also gonna leave by the looks of it. \n\nWould rather get rid of Jesse than Andreas tbh.
Fred in a single holding with Bruno and Andreas either side against Wolves that are incisive on the counter is just asking to be counter attacked. Andreas is the definition of a liability with the positions he loses the balls in.  I get what you\u2019re saying but we simply don\u2019t have the personnel to play anything else.  I am quite confident we\u2019ll go to a 3 man midfield when Pogba and Scott are back.
Other than fucking Pereira that\u2019s for sure. We actually play with 10 men when he starts.
He's not mid table level, you're really underrating him here. If Martial was made available to talk to other teams he'd have suitors among the biggest clubs
What do you think is his system? Also for a number 9 he doesn't even attempt to contest the aerial challenges.
There are barely any crosses though ? The last time we delivered a good cross he scored.\n \nHe needs Runners in the wings to play through. He holds the ball well at times but there are no runners if Rashford isn't there.
But feisty there aren\u2019t ya
Am confused lmao my b
No combinations ending in a shot, I saw a lot of nice combinations especially at the end of second half that eventually was closed down or running out of space. So the creativity and combinations are in there somewhere it's just getting them converted into the last move into the box for a shot. We definitely we're on the right track the last fifteen.
Jesus christ can you read? I praised him and here you are going off on an incoherent rant like I said otherwise.
Sorry mate - I genuinely thought you were behind sarcastic this whole time!!!\u2019\n\nThe whole \u201conly Ole is perfect\u201d sounds exactly like the sarcy shit the Oleout brigade would say
How do you know that he was bought as a sub and not starter ? Are you an ITK ? \n\nJames was literally the only attacker we bought. We have zero RWs and then if a team goes and buys one, that clearly says that the player is bought to be a starter.
So I have this really credible sources called google and youtube where I could search for and see Ole\u2019s interviews on his plans about james.\n\nWhen bought James was supposed to be a back up for attacking options like Lingard and Andreas who were to be given a chance to prove themselves. We all know how those two turned out this season and hence james moving up.\n\nThe reason we got only one attacking player this summer is on Woodward and his incompetent ass.
Hahahaha alright buddy.
In no particular order, Pep, Klopp, Mourinho, Conte, Ancelotti, Simeone, Zidane, Allegri, Sarri
He is comfortably a better manager than Sarri and Mourinho even Ancelotti
, Ole
Wouldn't be surprised if it's one of the main reasons we bought him, tbh.  We haven't had a commanding player in years.\n\nBit more extreme examples, but look at for example Peter Schmeichel, Roy Keane and so on. They did it too, yelling, pointing, almost chasing our own players into action - and that was with Fergie on the sideline.  It's a good thing, it's not a \"shit-manager\"-thing.
[deleted]
Jos\u00e9 said that finishing second with his squad - with Lukaku, Herrera, a fit Pogba, a prime Matic - was one of the best achievements in his career.\n\nAnd yet you think Pochettino could finish top four with THIS shower?!
Yep, I'm sure of it
I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2022-02-01 22:24:44 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2022-02-01%2022:24:44%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/exb5ae/post_match_thread_manchester_utd_0_0_wolves/fg7m621/?context=3)\n\n[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Freddevils%2Fcomments%2Fexb5ae%2Fpost_match_thread_manchester_utd_0_0_wolves%2Ffg7m621%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202022-02-01%2022%3A24%3A44%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.\n\n^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20exb5ae)\n\n*****\n\n|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|\n|-|-|-|-|
Bar Lingard and Pereira i think we have a good set of players and they should be doing better than what they have this season. Even with Pereira and Lingard being terrible surely the coaches at a big club should be able to get maximum effectiveness out of them.
Completely agree with you. We've had injuries, sure, but we should be doing better. I've been on the fence for a while, but I'm done with this coaching team.
I think Poch is a good manager-I have my doubts about whether he will ever be truly elite but he\u2019s clearly very good and I\u2019d take him-but I just think anyone is doomed to fail with what\u2019s above them and I\u2019m so tired of Ed and co hiding behind manger after manger and facing no consequences because our owners don\u2019t care.
Maybe Reddit also needs a cultural reboot
Lol. At least use a different account if you want me to believe you are 30. GTFO.
Not sad enough to have multiple reddit accounts kid. \n\nLearn a little more about football and come back when you're a little older and have learnt what grammar is.
so then why not get someone in who will acc take charge? Bc if they\u2019re insisting on keeping Ole until the end of the season then we need all the help we can get
McPhelan has won the premier league as an assistant manager. Carrick has won the prem as a player. The team has many high profile injuries and not a lot of quality in depth. What other options do they have? I get you\u2019re frustrated but at least think about it before you rant.
I dont care how we play as long as we get results and improvement. Since April 13th 2019 we have 10 wins in the League. You telling me Allegri would be so dire i would wish for this to come back? Lmao
> What makes you paint Phelan as some kind of dinosaur?\n\nThe fact that we\u2019re  playing the same bland style of football for almost a year? We said the same thing about LvG and Mourinho. Their football was outdated. \n\n> Because he served under Fergie for years?\n\nHe served under Fergie 7 years ago. Football was very different then than it is now. \n\n> Do you know what his exact role is in the coaching department and how he executes it?\n\nHe\u2019s the most experienced member of the coaching staff. It\u2019s documented that he plays a big role in our tactics and how we play
Do you know how many team coaches from Fergie's era are still coaches at numerous successful clubs across Europe? You assume all  these people don't keep up with the times and latest methods? \n\nHodgson over at Palace is 72 and they play a modern game.  Chris Wilder at Sheffield has been coaching almost as long as Phelan and he plays a very progressive style. The most important thing is that Solskjaer is still the boss and final decision maker, it's on him if he fails and our labored way of playing is definitely on him.
Notice that it is not what I said.\n\"I don't really care about the effort players seem to give\"\n\nSome players run around all the time and are great for (think Gattuso). Others are silky smooth players that seem to glide around the pitch effortlessly (think Berbatov or Ronaldinho).\nWhat matters is what they actually try to do, not what they look like when they do it. \n\nToday, Martial didn't have any luck in the boix, he could not shake defenders, our midfielders couldn't find him with their passes. So he dropped out of the box, played with his back to the goal (where he didn't produce, but offered us 2-3 dangerous free kicks) or went to the left wing (which he is more suited to play IMO).\n\nDid he have a great game? Certainly not. Did I think he tried? Yes, even if he didn't run around as much as other players...\n\nThat's all I meant.
Okay. Slight overreaction, I\u2019ll tale that. Like I said I like Tony. But I miss having a solid center forward who takes the fight in the box, makes smart movements, pops up, and launches in when you smell a cross. How many crosses has gone straight through this season? And he takes to many touches before fireing. \n\nTo many times we dont have a single player in the box because Tony goes deep to fetch the ball?
No you\u2019re right, coaching is flawless, we move the ball around at the pace of a championship side and have 0 off the ball movement, only ever pass the ball into feet.  Nothing the coaching staff can do about that though, all Ole has to do is pick 11 players every week, not his fault those players play like headless chickens for 14 months. Thanks redditor, can you tell me where you did your coaching qualifications?
Lol typical response on this black and white sub. Nothing worthy to respond to from your comment except saying that. Enjoy the ride you miserable cunt. \n\n> can you tell me where you did your coaching qualifications?\n\nDefinitely not from the same place you got. You definitely were scammed \ud83d\ude02
The main argument against Ole is that we have better depth than these teams so he should be doing better... You see it everywhere and it's just so clearly unreasonable. Also embarrassing... embarrassing to admit and embarrassing that it has come to this.\n\nWe do have better quality, **in the first team**, **in most positions** but when a quarter of our first team is gone, who do we shoehorn in, do you still think it's fair to say that teams with much more sensible team building than us are inheritantly worse?
The only long term absentees before the last couple of games have been Pogba and Mctominay. Everyone else including Rashford was fit for a long time. Then there are also players like Williams and Greenwood who offer more in attack than the people they replaced. The fact is, even with a fully fit team, we don\u2019t play well. Remember at the start of the season when we had Pogba and Mctominay fit? During that time, we beat Chelsea, drew against Wolves, lost to Crystal Palace, and drew to southampton. We\u2019re going no where under Ole and a couple of counter attacking wins against Man City doesn\u2019t change that
>  when he loses his legs.\n\nIn 9 years time?
Maybe? Hopefully that long from now. I don't dislike him I want him to do well for us.
> He needs to be shipped off to a team that suits his limited skillset.\n \nLike I said, if you can't even support a player for more than 6 months without wanting them SHIPPED OFF, for a poor patch, then the second Mason goes through a bit of a rough patch, you're going to be on his back too.
This is not a kneejerk reaction, James has been poor for months now and I was critical of this signing from the get go. He doesn't have enough quality to help move us forward, he doesn't even have a single outstanding attribute outside pace which he can't even use without blades of grass ahead of him
Lampard has had less time and Chelsea are better coached than us. Leicester city too with Rodgers.
Better\n\nTeams\n\nBetter\n\nTeam building\n\nAm I wrong?
I mean Chelsea's string of results aren't much better than ours, even if their placement in the table is better, and Rodgers has had much more management experience than both aforementioned coaches combined, couples with decent transfers and a competent board. There is a deeper rooted problem than that of Ole.
You're literally making things up, where have I said that? I'm not saying with Bruno there's going to be a substantial change, my point was literally that if we buy a creative midfielder we shouldn't be playing him in a defensive role.\n\nI have no idea why you think I'm criticising Bruno when it's evident I'm criticising our non-existent tactics and the positions of players.
No I\u2019m completely getting your point.\n\nFed up of people consistently criticising Ole when he\u2019s doing quite literally what he can with injuries and suspensions in our team
I think police investigations were taking place and there were calls to drop him from games but Ole kept playing him and made him captain.\n\nNot sure though.
>Ole kept playing him and made him captain.\n\n\nDamn. If investigations are taking place you should drop someone even if they've done nothing wrong, surely their head isn't in it and there's a lot more important things than football. A lot going on in their personal life, nevermind making them captain ffs. Not great
If you comment any rightful criticisms of Ole, then you are downvoted to death. Post any wholesome unrealistic Ole projections, you are lauded. \n\nTough times but I guess people just want to be \"loyal\"\n\nThey don't realise their \"loyalty\" will eventually kill the club
1. Klopps CV is miles better than Ole's. Was very successful at Dortmund and he is proven.\n\n2. Klopps squad was worse than what Ole has now.\n\n3. Oles first few months were superb but the year after that was horrible. So what's your point?
and once it went off the rails he showed he had no idea to right the ship. And Klopp had a CV to fall back on, people knew he had done well, Ole has the fact he used to be a loved player here, and has no actual credentials
We're not gonna get better by sticking with the wrong one either.
You want steady decline, go support Watford. Prick. \n\nAre you dumb enough to suggest that there\u2019s only one way to be successful and that\u2019s to be terrible for years and years and then better for a few. You must be thick to think that and have forgotten the Fergie years. \n\nOle is shit. There are things and results that show steady progression and his tenure has shown none of that. In spite of all the problem this squad this season is not a 35 points from 25 games squad and everyone should know that. \nAnd that\u2019s on the tactics and game management.
Prick? \ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\n\nI think keeping sacking managers is a shit tactic to improvement. If Van Gaal, Jose and Ole (with the tutelage of Fergie) are all shit, who is good enough? You? \n\nThey are not performing. I know that, they know that, Ole knows that. Sacking him would do 0 to fix the problem, the same as sacking Jose did, same as sacking van Gaal did, same as sacking Moyes did. Getting players used to sustained management and a single philosophy for a extended period is what Feegie did. It's what made us great. It is what is making Liverpool & City so much better than us now: support for the manager throughout the club at all levels. This disjointed system we have at the minute with Woodward doing his own thing, Ole doing his best without unanimous board support, owners who don't lead and players who aren't invested in the club because nobody above them is & the manager will go before they will for poor performance.\n\nOle is still better than you, so pipe down.
What the fuck!
Burnley I can understand but you realise Wolves are very good against top 6 right?
>Yeah, and we have only played this team twice this season. S\n\nWhat?\n\n> So whats the excuse for doing so bad against the other teams?\n\nAgain. What. You're bringing in season and the whole shebang when I'm talking about this match. There's no reason for outrage if we don't get a win Vs wolves because they're bloody good, we struggle against them a lot and it's thier thing to get results against the big teams. I'm not taking that bait of  what's the reason for other teams as it's just gonna get silly and I cba after last few times. But injures and depth.
Yes of course he would slap a fan for saying a certain team is good, obviously he won all his games against good sides so this sentence is blasphemy
Wolves have conceded for 9 games in a row before this game. They are a good team, but not prime Athetico Madrid. There was certainly more than a slightly increased chance of a goal.
Right, so they'd have won 2-1.. Cool.
Fair enough, I did get little bit frustrated after the game. Although I will still stick by my point that we need to stop playing our best players out of position just to accomodate average players into the side. While that can make the team unbalanced in some areas of the pitch, it atleast makes our best players perform to the best of their abilities. \n\nMy reference to Messi was related to the fact that even though Barca have an average defence, they recognize the fact that their attack is their strong facet. So they put all their attention there and try to outscore teams rather than do half hearted attempts to find a balance which makes both ends of the pitch average.
Showed a few good glimpses during the cup game, hit the post and put in a serious shift down the wing the entire time he was on.
Yes, obviously I watched it. \n\nThe reason they can\u2019t string three passes together is because they are not being coached well, they do not play as a team, they are uncoordinated, slow and static.\nNobody knows where their teammate is meant to be or how to connect with them. It\u2019s like 11 individuals.\n\nThere is always going to be an excuse for Ole isn\u2019t there? Injuries, needing signings, etc. Well teams with a lot worse players than us look a lot better in attack than we do. Ultimately it\u2019s the coach\u2019s job to get the attack clicking and Ole just can\u2019t do it. He\u2019s not good enough.
I'm judging about Moyes in the present. Everton Moyes was more impressive than Ole by some margin, I agree, but Moyes now is fucking horrendously bad.
Ah that\u2019s a fair point so, can\u2019t really argue with it
>  Massive players been out for us at critical times\n\nAgain, it doesn't matter. With those players out, it's still enough to beat \nBournemouth, Sheffield, Astanta, Rochdale, Aston Villa and Burnley.\n\nIf you think Ole needs his full team + more signings to consistently beat those teams. Then you're admitting he isn't a good enough manager.\n\nChelsea are above us. Tottenham and Arsenal sacked their managers for under performing. Yet you're accepting Ole and mediocrity.
You're telling me Dan James, Lingard & Perreria are good enough to beat most teams without hiccups? Deluded.
Pochin\n\nEdit: I mean spurs got a manager which we sacked so?
Didn't see spurs fans with mouin usernames
Did you watch the second half? Fred advanced further more often than Fernandes did.
That only depends on which side we are playing on. they have assigned sides and only when one advances to get on the ball the other will naturally drop to provide a switching passing option and cover.
He played along side the CB's and Fred advanced more. Watch again..
That\u2019s fine. But that\u2019s not good enough and it\u2019s been a recurring theme this season. Zero attacking output and careless with the ball. He doesn\u2019t even overlap on the wing. For all the flak AWB gets for his lack of attacking ability, he at least put in a decent cross that should have been scored. When was the last time Shaw did that? Maybe I\u2019m harsh on him today but this was another 5.5 performance from him
This sums up Shaw and why people criticise him. It\u2019s not enough to just \u201cdo your defensive chores\u201d as a fullback in a big team anymore, his attacking output is next to none, even AWB produces more than him.
Enjoy sucking on OGSs cock while the ship sinks you rat fuck.
In any setup, regardless, you need players that can execute the passes. Whether it be through the full backs (awb is not quite that good yet), long balls to a target man (Martial had a terrible game today), you cant change Peireras ability to execute a 10 metre pass. \n\nIn the first half, Peirera was next to Fred with Bruno further forward. It gave us better situations offensively, but left us exposed because Peirera is not a player that can move the ball through the build up phase centrally. Fred can be that player, but if he is, who cleans up behind him? Again, you're not gonna make Peirera a 6. We simply didnt have the personnel today to play any differently than we did.\n\nEdit: deep lying players are the ones that sit in the base of midfield, often recipients of the ball after bypassing the initial press from the opposition
No u
No u x2
What? I'm saying that Ole is a stopped clock, with no ability to adapt to situations. Winning against a Citeh who have been out of form this season is his telling the correct time now and again, yet for all the other hours of the day, the Watfords, the Burnleys, the Wolves, we've been completely bamboozled. \n\nWe have no patterns of play, our set pieces are a shambles, our players are unmotivated and some of our best have been played through injuries. Some of this would be aided by more squad depth, but Pochettino would not need more players. He would get top 4 with the team we have right now, based on his PROVEN record with squads worse than ours. Even with Woodward.
Our set pieces have been weak since SAF left. You can\u2019t really know if a player is unmotivated or not. More squad depth isn\u2019t on Ole. Out of form City is still stronger than most of the teams in the world. Wolves also have a strong record against the big clubs. Even the worst premier league side is still one of the strongest teams a side can play against. Mourinho took a weaker side second to City and the fan base still couldn\u2019t appreciate it. Stick with a manager and let the man work.
And in that time he got to 50 goals quicker than Giggs and Ronaldo did for united, while playing in our worst period since big Ron Atkinson and also playing under managers who had no business managing united (LVG was passed it and so was Mourinho, Solskjaer doesn't even have the credentials)
Fair.  Though I suppose my issue is that feels like the baseline for both of them - AWB is defense first and tends to do that very well (and did so today at very important spots); Fred is usually busy in midfield, so when he does it well I feel I don't tend to notice many giveaways or that the ball moves well into attack through him.\n\nEither way it's when they go above/below that baseline expectation that I notice it, so I don't expect AWB to take on his man or create his own space, and I expect Fred to maintain possession and bring the ball forward into midfield.  I think fair to say that the garbage result and frustration with the team generally might color my opinion today.
Oh yeah definitely im not bashing him haha ideally he'd have played infront of matic and fred
Yeah the bashing part was more for the person who I replied to initially . But yeah you\u2019re totally right, playing in front of Matic and Fred would suit him a lot better. He\u2019s more dangerous and creative upfront.
he's just one of those who can't help but judge teams based on his own perception of their name.
lmao are you joking? They are 7th with two wins in their last 7 games and we looked clueless against them at home.
Meanwhile we\u2019ve got 3 wins in our last 9 games. Stop being ignorant and admit that wolves are a solid side, Liverpool struggled against them, City lost both time\u2019s winning 1 and drawing 3 in 4 games is a good record against them given the state we are in. \n\n\n\nAlso I\u2019d like to point out that my original point was more we\u2019ve improved massively since last season where we lost twice in one week to them.
I'd type up an essay if you'd actually want me to talk about tactics but thatd take forever\n\nI'll link these instead that give a little insight into tactics, if you're ACTUALLY are interested and not just moaning for the sake of it\n\n[link](https://thebusbybabe.sbnation.com/manchester-united-tactics)
Not moaning for the sake of it, trying to have honest discussions about it all, I really have a hard time seeing what people see in him. I could write a 5 page paper on his shortcomings, post Sir Alex history he's almost (arguably worse) as bad as Moyes, some of the things he says, the tactics he plays, it's mid table through and through, and the results and statistics back that up. \n\nWill definitely look over those articles.
Greenwood is a goal scorer, and came on to play at 9... don't want him tracking back from that position anyway. James was really poor today at his primary job of attacking (he's a wing). His tracking back can be very good but if it leads to 0 attacking output from him, which it has for a couple of games now, that's not good enough and he should be replaced
>Andreas shifted to the left wing after he kept losing the ball in the midfield which led to Bruno dropping in his place\n\nThat happened by the end of first half.\n\n\nEdit: Also, given how impactful James was today and the height advantage Dalot brings, Is have preferred to see Dalot being brought in for Dan James as a good positive substitution. You automatically make assumptions about what I would think and then skate that hypothetical.
How does that negate anything else I said? You can't make up an argument except nitpicking inconsequential things.\n\nEdit: let me ask clearly then, where should have dalot played after being brought on?
ah.. so you didn\u2019t understand the point.\n\nOle routinely makes judgement errors in starting selection. He often waits too long to make changes when things aren\u2019t working. His tactics leave a lot to be desired. *Some* of that can be chalked up to quality of players at his disposal, but not that much.\n\nYou just have rose tinted glasses because he\u2019s a legendary **player**.
Im sorry those two are poor at that aspect.....but it you ever watch Tony when we get the ball wide etc he doesn\u2019t even try move like a 20+ goals a season striker. I wish he did, but he just doesn\u2019t.
And most of this sub said the same thing about Rashford when Martial was out, when the sqaud is completely fucked and key players are gone, of course the good ones left are going to struggle.
I come to your defence mate. Even Lingard had 20 goals plus assists under Jose in the 17/18 season. Ole's coaching will make players look worse than they are. Both Lingard and Andreas aren't this bad.
I am tired of it. Everything good is Ole, everything bad is players. I mean come on. We got 81 points and second place with a lot of these lads. At some point you've got to look at how other teams play, and see what can be done with mediocre players.\n\nHow is no movement by our players not a problem of coaching after a year has gone by. Questions need to be asked about whether Ole is the right managerial appointment for us going forward.
The brain dead kids. \nNo one here said Ighalo is an amazing striker but he definitely offers something different to Martial. \nIf you\u2019re so sick of the brain dead kids maybe just stop commenting then.
1)Me not commenting doesn\u2019t get rid of anyone off this sub.\n2) So ur play is to play someone who has been playing the Chinese league for 3 year vs Chelsea when he struggled last time he was in the prem\n3) I can tell I offended u by the brain dead kids comment so I apologise.
They were dog shit in not taking their chances and then collapsing into nothing afterwards, so yes they were piss poor, this is pretty much agreed by most people. If you don't think so then I have to question if you know what you're watching. \n\nWolves took the games to liverpool and city, yet they were piss poor against us and we should have blown them out of the water. \n\nWolves haven't kept a clean sheet in 9 games, but somehow we managed to do the impossible and not score.
You\u2019re not even making sense. So they were good against City and Liverpool, which means they\u2019re a good team, but we get absolutely no credit for nullifying them? They had fuck all big chances besides 2 sloppy mistakes. \n\nHere\u2019s some help: Taking chances is only one aspect of a performance. \n\nWolves were excellent defensively, who cares about their previous games. In this one we were obviously lacking going forward but they made it very difficult.\n\nThis is simple stuff, and the comments you\u2019re making are dense. Teams can be shit going forward at times and difficult to break down, in fact that\u2019s what fucking loads of teams are and somehow you haven\u2019t a clue about this. \n\nYou can criticise a performance but for the sake of others please make some sense.
Well we obviously don\u2019t have a Rooney, Giggs and Ronaldo anymore. Need to be realistic with our current squad. I agree that we should have won but Wolves are a good team, they caused City and Liverpool loads of problems.
> Pogba is done for the season, he's waiting for the Summer so he can leave like he wants to
Nothing about it suggests he's faking an injury. You're reading too much into it.
Why are you having such a hard time understanding this?\n\nHe\u2019s injured... but will leave in the summer.\n\nThat\u2019s it.
Don\u2019t agree with players play better when not surrounded by crap. Special players make do with what they have, Rooney once played with a midfield of Fabio, Gibson, O\u2019Shea and Rafael and still managed to score a goal against Arsenal. (Not trying to compare Rooney to Martial) but definitely a lack of class in that midfield on that given day. \n\nSpecial players create something from nothing, and as a Number 9 that\u2019s what you have to do and what you\u2019re paid hundreds of thousands a week for. \n\nDo I think Martial is the main issue, no. Would replacing him make us any better, probably..
I want this argument to happen at the top of every thread rather than buried in the middle. Sick to crap of the excuses for Ole and the coaching staff, They Are Not Good Enough!
I agree.
Then keep ranting and go support another club if you want instant results. Looking for immediate results is the exact reason why we got into this mess in the first place. We play a bit underwhelmingly because we have Pogba, Scott, Matic and Rashford out and replacements are not good enough. Shame you can\u2019t see that.
> Then keep ranting and go support another club if you want instant results\n\nlmao, so I can't critique our performance else I should go support another club, huh? What lmao\n\n> We play a bit underwhelmingly because we have Pogba, Scott, Matic and Rashford out and replacements are not good enough.\n\nI've watched every single one of our league games this season so i can tell you that is just not true. As i said above, Pogba, Mctominay, Rashford were all fit and ALL started vs Wolves, Southampton and Palace this season and we played exactly like this in those games, we were similarly lethargic and incoherent in attack, etc. I don't expect you to justify those performances or offer a fair retort to this because there is none.
Oh wow man. Fred to hold against a midfield of wolves. Fred isn't a DM you know? He's a box to box. And let's say Martial plays LW and Greenwood up top, what about RW? Mata can't track back and that's something James did throughout the game. And Andreas loses the ball a lot so in a box to box it will leave our defence exposed to an out ball to Raul or Traore.
fred can absolutely play as the deepest midfielder in a 433 against wolves as long as the players alongside him work hard\u2014both andreas and bruno do. remember that pirlo and scholes used to play in the same position as well, and fred is much more capable defensively than either of them. is it risky? of course\u2014but so is playing an overly conservative 4231 risking a draw when we need a win. i\u2019d rather see us play boldly. \n\nas for right wing, you answered your own question without realizing it: james. is he at his best there? no. is anyone better there? also no. is it worth playing him in a lesser position in order to improve the cumulative performance of the frontline? absolutely. \n\nplaying andreas in a 433 will actually lead to him losing the ball less frequently because, structurally, more passing triangles are available, he\u2019ll be asked to play less difficult passes under less pressure, and he will also receive the ball less frequently than as a 10. so if that\u2019s your concern, 433 is actually better.
You proved my point exactly. What other players do we have who could play next to Fred? Literally no one. Our best options of the bench were Jesse Lingard and Mason Greenwood. Judging by your negativity you probably don\u2019t think very highly of Lingard, which I don\u2019t either to be fair. Asking an 18 year old to win you a game is not the right way to go. If we\u2019re comparing managers than it\u2019s important to point out that Klopp would never have to bring on an 18 year old to win a game. Hell, he only brings on Divock Origi when the game\u2019s been won to give his best players a rest. \n\nOle is not the solution, but he\u2019s not the problem. The way people on here speak of him makes it seem like he is literally getting us relegated. He\u2019s not making us a worse team, but it\u2019s difficult to progress when your three best players are injured and you literally HAVE to start two of Jesse Lingard/Andreas Periera/Juan Mata every game.
Jesse, for me, has shown glimpses of what he can do, whereas Andreas has been terrible except for that one screamer he scored
Jesse been at the first team for years now without ever impress over a period of time. He is now 27(!) and has proven his only asset is covering miles. Andreas is still under development, even tho he really needs to analyse whats he's bad at and improve. \n\nI think Andreas main issuse that he's overestimate his attributes and then think he can do stuff he don't have time for in PL. Im sure the coaches are aware and are adressing it, or will, so his play is not so risky. That being said, we should never rely on him to carry this team to anything.
What about the long clearances for easing pressure? I get he is not strong enough to win the aerial challenges but atleast contest so we have a chance of the 2nd ball?\n\nJust compare his lack of effort in physical challenges against someone like Aguero who is infinitely more talented( ane not a typical brute PL forward) and on the wrong side of 30.
The \"Infinitely more talented\" has players like KDB, David Silva etc. Not to mention he is under one of the best coaches in the world.
Nah mate I was being sarcastic fooled ya.
Hahah Hahahahahah you\u2019re hilarious for real\nI genuinely don\u2019t know what to think now
Lol. GTFO. You are the kid who finds grammatical errors in Maths class and gets wedgies.
Except isn\u2019t this the place to vent frustrations after yet another disappointing match?
It can be. At least make sure your frustration is consistent with all the variables in place. There\u2019s many more factors to consider than simply wins and losses.
> Do you know how many team coaches from Fergie's era are still coaches at numerous successful clubs across Europe? You assume all these people don't keep up with the times and latest methods?\n\nHow am I assuming that? Part of being a good coach is keeping up with the times and modernizing your style. If they\u2019re successful now, it\u2019s because they didn\u2019t stick to old regimes of football. Our lack of success right now stems from the fact that we play and outmoded brand of football that teams can easily counteract. Teams know that they can get points off us if they just give us the ball. \n\n> Hodgson over at Palace is 72 and they play a modern game. Chris Wilder at Sheffield has been coaching almost as long as Phelan and he plays a very progressive style. \n\nGood for them. It shows they have that caliber. We don\u2019t train to play progressive football and that shows in our performances when we dominate possession. If we really did play a progressive brand of football, we wouldn\u2019t look so utterly clueless whenever we play against teams that sit backs. Sure, having good midfielders will help us create more chances. But that only works when the rest of the team is in sync and knows what they have to do. So many times we have no one in the box, do overlaps on the wings, no movement, no clever plays. Even on set pieces we are utterly useless\n\n> The most important thing is that Solskjaer is still the boss and final decision maker, it's on him if he fails and our labored way of playing is definitely on him\n\nI have not absolved Ole? He is to blame for our poor performances and he needs to get coaches who are well versed in a possession oriented style of play. Having an assistant who relegated hull city, a coach who retired 18 months ago, and a coach who managed youth teams before joining us isn\u2019t going to make us a top team. One of the reasons why Fergie was so successful is because he wasn\u2019t afraid to change his coaching set ups
Solskjaer just needs to go sharpish, the job is too big an ask of him. Fergie didn't enjoy changing his coaches it was out of necessity, he liked continuity but didn't stand in the way of his coaches advancing their careers elsewhere. \n\nHe seldom let people go just for the sake of a revamp, he was always looking to promote from within. Phelan rose to assistant manager (after Queroz left) through different coaching positions at the club
Why would I bother giving you a serious response when you\u2019ve shown within one comment you\u2019ll just downvote it and not give a fuck? You literally provided me one example of Nani and it wasn\u2019t even a good example, he had poor decision making in and around the box. Dwelling on the ball isn\u2019t decision making, it\u2019s indecision, you dwell on the ball because you don\u2019t know what you\u2019re meant to be doing and are being made to improvise, go watch Liverpool or City and tell me how often their players dwell on the ball, tell me why even their u23 players can come into the squad and don\u2019t dwell on the ball? Because in training they\u2019re drilled in situational play, the team is drilled to having people running and giving options, their players know when I get the ball on the corner of the box these players will be making these movements. Look at us in comparison, we get the ball to the opposition box and there\u2019s no movement, our players all stand still and play a bit of keep ball on the wings before looking up, seeing one player stationary in the box and recycle it back and try the same down the other side. \n\nLet\u2019s not even mention how horrible an example Fred is, a player who we spent nearly 60m on who was a key player in a CL side who regularly made the knock out stages, not to mention he literally went to the World Cup with Brazil the year we signed him. Fred was always a capable player he was just never given a run of games to settle and adjust to the pace of the league, the longest run of games he ever had for us before Pogba got injured was 4, no wonder when you give him more than 360 minutes of consecutive football over 12 months he\u2019ll start to show why he was a player we were willing to spend close to 60m on..
Rashford himself is an academy grad, just like Williams and Greenwood **and the only standards we are and have put against them are players who have not been good enough for us**: Falcao, late Roo, out of form RvP and Chica, Shaw, Young, Lingard (who, himself is a grad) why do we think that the grads who have less experience than the opposition are better than them, putting enormous pressure and giving them no significant seniors to mentor them, why do we have to be the only \"world class\" team in the world to do this? No other club vying for CL is doing this model what makes you think we should inheritantly be better? Absolutely maddening if you ask me, I just fail to see the reasoning in this. \n\nAnd if it wasn't Pogs and McT (another grad, slatted initially for being bang avg and now we're relying on him so heavily) it was Martial for a while and Shaw, but again, most of these injured players should be our rotation for players we should've got and retained years ago.
Better managers
What we thought with LvG and Jose.\n\nBrace yourselves.
Chelsea look better coached than us more often than not. You have to ask yourself why our manager has less experience, success and actual credentials than Leicester City's.\n\n Solksjaer is a big problem, and you're right, they're is a a deeper rooted problem above and they thought hiring Solskjaer was a good idea. Just another among numerous failings and bad decisions
Maybe not results, but they at least show football and crest chances with a very young side. Sure, it\u2019s inconsistent, but at least it\u2019s not the abject, eye-wateringly bad football United show week in, week out.\nIt\u2019s truly difficult to see any progress. And that\u2019s on a manager.
Innocent UNTIL proven guilty maybe. You know, one of those pesky corner stones of civilisation..
And I said nothing opposite really. Just that if someone is under investigation their head might not be in the best condition for playing so a break could be good. Instead make them captain is a good idea?\n\n\nAlso not many players get accused of being a serial rapist, flee and also refuse samples...\n\n\nStill innocent until proven guilty
Don\u2019t ever tell me who to go support. Ole is shit. You know it. The results show it. And every week we see the results.
Nah, the team is shit & it's not Ole's fault; it's yours. Stop shouting for managers to get sacked & knocking down what they try to build.
Reverse uno
Goddammit I lost
Set pieces have never been a dire danger until Ole, we concede far too many now. You can speculate if a player is unmotivated when they aren't warming up at the touchline, or they pass back constantly, or have bad walking stats. Not saying it's definite, but they certainly don't look motivated in the buildup. I didn't say squad depth was on Ole, meant it as an exception to the litany of other problems he brings to the squad. Out of form City are still very strong, but again, he's a stopped clock, I am trying to highlight tactical rigidity there. \n\nMourinho was sacked because he lost the dressing room and was moaning constantly when we lost. The supporters didn't appreciate that. I'm all for sticking by a manager, but not Ole, because he has shown too many poor qualities in his time here.\n\nWe would be far lower in the league if the other top teams weren't also rebuilding. Another thing to mention is that Ole hasn't improved anyone. Nobody who has signed from other clubs has gotten better, Fred only seems to have gotten better because he played like gash when he arrived. Rashford still looks frantic when he plays, and Brandon has only gotten better in spite of Ole. \n\nI appreciate the attitude of not wanting to throw the baby out with the bathwater, but I see too many reasons to get rid.
> Stop being ignorant and admit that wolves are a solid side\n\nOh they are a good team, we should still be beating them.\n\n>City lost both time\u2019s winning 1 and drawing 3 in 4 games is a good record against them given the state we are in.\n\nThis only makes sense if this was some one off result for us. It wasn't. We've similarly looked clueless against defensive teams all season, hell we lost to Burnley at home in our last league game. \n\n>Also I\u2019d like to point out that my original point was more we\u2019ve improved massively since last season where we lost twice in one week to them.\n\nSo we've gotten slightly better at coping with Wolves? That's... a positive? I suppose it is but it doesn't really show anything, overall as a team we've somehow regressed compared to last season and that's despite all the new signings.
They're actually rather interesting because it has a animation showing the movement of players, or clips and what not.\n\nWasn't sure if you were just ranting and looking for anyone to take their anger out on. That's happened way too much on here, especially after a loss or draw
Good strikers over past 5/6 years in PL when Martials been around...Strikers like Aguero, Costa etc have a directness and a fucking hunger and aggression about them, when have you ever seen that from Martial? Genuine question
LOL players like Aguero, have KDB, Bernardo Silva, Sterling and Mahrez playing with him, Costa, had Hazard, Willian (when he wasn't shit) and Fabregas. Meanwhile Martial has Andreas, Lingard, a past it Mata and James. Bit of a difference.
Don't even bother trying to reason with these wheelchair experts analysts. The guy got man marked because Wolves knew how useless the rest of the team is. I know James is a really likeable lad but he got a lot of space and did fuck all. He was so wasteful it looked like even Bruno got tired of his shit and gave him a hairdryer.\n\n\nThe team provided absolutely zero service to Martial and gave him shit passes while he was marked.
Nah the brain dead comment I feel is more suitable for you. \nA supposed fan of the same team I support tells me something like it\u2019s the absolute truth when they themselves have no idea. \n\nLook at all these \u201cbrain dead\u201d fans that just want to see a different player in a position that isn\u2019t being played very well atm by someone we\u2019ve had for so long now.\nWe know he\u2019s been in China..\nWe know he isn\u2019t a 20 yr old striker..\nBut you want to already write him off because you\u2019re some smug cunt that thinks he knows a thing or two.
I\u2019m not writing him off I\u2019m just saying he ain\u2019t gonna make it ain\u2019t better, will probably be worse than martial. You originally comment came the impression that you thought he was gonna be our savour for the season. I personally think starting he vs Chelsea would be stupid and I would prefer martial or greenwood to play or both up-top. Like I previously said I am not an expert nor have I claimed that I am or know more than you. All I did was give me opinion and instead of replying to it so we can have a debate about the matter you instead were sarcastic insinuating I was wrong and you have all the answers. So calling me a smug cunt was a bit ironic but whatever, enjoy the rest of you weekend xx.
[removed]
Mate I'm not sure what you're getting at, how else am I meant to read into it? I asked specifically about his injuy. He said he's \"done for the season and waiting for the summer\". \n\nThere's pervasive conspiracy theory amongst the fans and media that he's actively trying to avoid putting on a United shirt again, and it gets purported here just about every time he's brought up.
How are on earth are you not understanding it? Nothing suggests he'll be injured until after the season ends, how do suppose he's \"***done for the season***\" without subscribing to some form of the above logic?
buddy, you do you. Enjoy ranting. I don\u2019t want to waste my time convincing you.
Honestly buddy, you do you. Let\u2019s not waste each other\u2019s times because we\u2019re not convincing each other anytime soon.
sure thing
In that same vein, Andreas is 24, you\u2019d expect him to be showing something more than he is right now. I wouldn\u2019t trust him to carry my shopping
Haha. I agree, the potenial who once were high has now come to an standstill. Ideally from next season on, neither Jesse og Andreas should be in travelling squad week in week out. But thats only dreams..
Point was related to his workrate. KDB, Silva and Pep don't make Aguero want to put in a shift against bigger defenders and atleast contest.\n\nHow many excuses will be given for Martials lack of hunger of a number 9? He's a good dribbler whos best position is as a left winger. What's the harm in admitting that?
They were both wrong appointments, both once great managers clearly passed their prime when they took over at united.\n We all knew Mourinho would end up in disaster, the club panicked because they let Pep slip through their fingers. Wrong decisions from the top brass have fucked us over and continue to do so
Excuses continue to mount up. If two CL winning coaches is not enough then I don't know what is for you people...whom will eventually turn on the next manager, anyway.
My fault ? You\u2019re an idiot.
Haha, I am victorious
Costa used to create goals out of nothing on his own mate. Due to sheer determination and not letting anyone fucking near the ball when it came his way.
Almost as if Costa has a completely different playing style to Martial?
With a fully fit team they\u2019d barely make the bench. Hopefully we continue with the right signings in the summer
Look, you seem to think there's no manager in this world that can turn united's fortunes around, you're simply wrong.Those managers were way passed their best when the club appointed them. World cup 2014 was LVG's last hurrah and Mourinho has been done since his last Chelsea stint and the emergence of Klopp and Pep putting a stump on things and ushering in the new generation of elite managers.
There's no point exhausting manager after another if out administration and sporting staff are stuck in the stone ages. That's quite obvious, it puts us at a gross disadvantage.\n\nYou literally can not tell me a top club in Europe that operates like this. Inexcusable.\n\nFurthermore, if you praise the new gen then why do you slate Ole?
I dont recall saying he doesnt? Im saying Martial doesnt show those traits we need. Im not expecting him to go and score every single goal that way, Im expecting him to give a bit more and really prove he deserves to be starting CF
Solkjaer is not good enough, upper management is not good enough, they hired him and are running the club to the ground. The two are not mutually exclusive you know. Not every 'new gen' manager is capable of greatness, why should I praise Solskjaer when he doesn't possess the qualities I see in Klopp and Pep for instance? He's not in their league and he won't last here
> running the club to the ground\n\nOh, the drama.
Do you see progress under them? We're regressing so my description is apt haha
Do you not? A string of sensible signings and many players improving as well as us playing attacking football. Am I lying?
We're worse off this season than we were under Moyes at the same point in 2013/14. Less goals scored at this point to boot. Did you see good things under Moyes as well?
You ask if I saw progress, and I showed you what we've made progress in and you've not disputed it. So I won't be baited into answering a circular question.
Not disputed it? I just told you we were better off at this juncture under Moyes in his terrible season. Progress means moving forward and improving. What have we improved? This is our WORST season in 35 years thus far!
And we were better off at this stage of the season in terms of our goals difference and points this stage last season under Ole than his current season and that season under Moyes. So again, what's your point? I've already said we have a worse attack than previous managers, especially with Rashford injured. Which is why I said your question was a circular, you went and did research and I out did it by stating a point that you again could not dispute earlier.\n\nEdit: actually, I highlighted that we had a better strike to someone else. But just a reminder, we had RvP, Rooney and Nani at the time. The first 2 were on fire last few years under SAF.\n\nAlso forgot about Chicharito, Welbeck.
He took over from fucking Mourinho and we had more points at the point Mourinho was fired than we do now. What's your point? This season is all Solskjaer. Window under his belt, players shipped off. You haven't disputed anything, and I haven't done research its common knowledge that we're faring at our worst since Ron Atkinson. You're convincing yourself you 'out did' me and your arguments fall flat in the face of the damning stats of our poor season compared to any other in the PL era
I just did acknowledge that we have a weaker squad this season than those previous seasons so why would I dispute my own argument. And why is suddenly the fault of Ole that our squad is threadbare when it has slowly gotten to this point when we lost players like Giggs, Carrick, Scholes, Rooney, Kagawa, Nani, RvP, Di Maria and Lukaku among a few other and replaced them with academy players or nobody at all? This has been going on for years and it seems you want to blame all this on one person rather than the obvious...
Comprehension must be a problem for you. I haven't even remotely suggested that Solskjaer is SOLELY to blame for our poor recruitment. I do know something, he's out of his depth here and won't last long
> This season is all Solskjaer. Window under his belt, players shipped off.\n\nThen what did you mean here? Because it seems you lost your composition skills right here.\n\nAlso, which panel do you talk on at Sky? Seems you know quite a bit about what will happen, interesting to here more of your insight.\n\nJokes aside, I also agree Ole won't last long. The board is as unreasonable and shortsighted as you are so I won't be surprised he gets sacked before the summer.
 Short sighted? Moi? Ok mate.
It's a compliment, you're as intelligent as the board that runs this club.
I wonder where that leaves you or what that says about your cognitive capacity being a Solskjaer apologist. The writing is on the wall
I'm not a [person who's job is to manage our own team] apologist. I'm a fan of Manchester United. I want to see this club be built as a world class institution for football, not a merry-go-round for players and managers just to scrape 4th in a table so they can avoid banter from their mates or random people on the internet. This is more than about your ego or Ole's or any managers'.
My ego? This is about my club moving forward, and Solskjaer will never be that man to get the club back where it once was, not even close. Fuck a merry go round for sure, just hire someone with goddamn credentials in the modern era
I never said Ole was the man to get the club back to where it once was, never even insinuated it. I've been warning you that changing managers when every one bar maybe Mou had a plan to revamp the sporting staff and get players for the long term, and that sacking another one before actually carrying out that plan will lead is further into the abyss. \n\nIf someone with a similar vision to Ole comes in, that would be great. That would be **further** progression. If not, I hope for the best. Regardless, I'll always be for the manager that does his job as diligently as LvG, Jose and Ole have than for someone who isn't even here or worse yet, the board.\n\nSeems like you'd like anyone but Ole who's in the top 5 leagues... absolutely anyone. That certainly seems sensible, thus my comparison with you and the board. Kneejerk decisions being your \"moving forward\" strategy.
Getting rid of an incompetent manager is anything but kneejerk
No, but you omitting the point of me using the word kneejerk in my argument is certainly, incompetent.\n\nEven more so, wanting anybody but 'x' just because you're not happy with recent results.
https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/ewremd/pre_match_thread_manchester_united_vs_wolves/fg6gznp/?context=3\n\nI definitely did see it coming lol \n\nI mean I said it as a bit of a joke then, but fuck my life
Don't even put that out in the atmosphere
I just assume it's going to happen.
Wolves are a good team and they do this to every big team.
This sub still rates them as a midtable club, though. I despise playing against them and I'm content they didn't shithouse their way to a win with some Ra\u00fal the Wide Eyes bullshit.
Chelsea trashed them 5-2 at their own place earlier this season. \n\nThey are a good team, but nobody else struggles against them as consistently as we do.
Many in this sub would trash Pogba for his performances last season. At the end his stats were very impressive and everyone realized how much he was creating but we just lacked finishing or quality runs. Martial, Rashford, Alexis, Dan James. We have the wingers but need that CF so they can play in the roles that suit them best.
Totally agree on Pogba getting unfairly criticized for the same sort of performance
Have Dan and Pogba even shared the pitch?
This is why I wont be mad if he leaves. He's got the potential to win everything, but our ambition in the market doesn't match. \n\nRooney held the club to ransom so they'd invest, we did.
Its gonna take years for this team to achieve anything. He doesn't have that time
He is a peach amongst plums.
Get in line pal
> if we didnt sign Bruno the place would have been empty at 68. \n\nSays who? Just because there was a post going around at /r/reddevils? There was clearly a lot of conflict about that, particularly due to the 58' remembrance.
Chelsea game is in 2 weeks. It's the mid-season break now. Ighalo will be ready.
Don\u2019t you put that evil on us!
You know it's happening
And the FA cup
Played them 4 times already and only beaten them once... not a good look at all.
Better way to look at if you\u2019re not being pessimistic.\n\nWolves have got a reputation of being a very good side, and we are undefeated to them in 4 games this season despite losing twice within a week last season showing a definite improvement.
Was kind of an awkward angle for him, I think the chance was more difficult than it looked
Aerodynamics
Every time I watch one I tell myself I'd prefer the other to play.
Your friend sounds pretty stupid to be honest.
What's stupid about it? He could be right.
And I thought Victor put in a hell of a shift. Our back four is better than I think they get credit for outside our fan base.
His reading of the game was spectacular today.
He has always been brilliant.
He got spun pretty bad by Jota in the box who wasted the chance but all in all a solid performance\n\nEdit: I mean this isn\u2019t really controversial as it undisputedly happened...
Not really, Traore got the better of Shaw alot too.\n\nIt was a good battle
I have to keep reminding people that Luke Shaw is a very capable footballer, people on here just go with the narratives.
I was close to losing my mind the week or so the popular notion was that Luke Shaw was now bad, had pretty much always been bad, and in fact even \"that one season he was good\", he was actually just average. \n\n\"You won't see Luke Shaw making those runs\" they said, after Brandon Williams made some impressive offensive runs. It really should be possible to credit Williams (which we should!) without putting down Shaw.
He was our player of the season last year. Not sure why everyone is acting like he\u2019s never been good for us.
Christ almighty you guys keep falling for this shit and it's hilarious. Terrible player plays terribly for 11 months, has a few decent games and suddenly it's \"people have been too quick to write him off\". Our fullbacks are shit, no other top 6 team would take them. Stop being content with mediocrity!
Except, personally, I\u2019ve not thought he was terrible for 11 months.
It's a pity he's extremely awkward on the ball. Uncomfortable on the turn and seems rather predictable or short on the confidence to try anything different. Solid enough though.
[deleted]
Valencia was leagues better than AWB offensively after his transition for a few seasons.
16/17 Valencia was miles ahead of AWB, he singlehandedly covered our right flank for nearly two seasons
Allow it Valencia had a world class cross in him
Been saying it for a while, I am not against the idea of playing Dalot against deep sitting sides in general. Maybe not for this game because Wolves are capable of expertly exploiting the space behind the RB, but in general this is something we can at least try.
Wan-Bissaka has been awful offensively, especially today.
True, it wouldn't really be an issue if our other fullback was great going forward. Problem is Shaw's attacking output isn't very good either so AWB's deficiencies going forward hurt us even more.
His last play was very nice. He can at least show good flashes. Hopefully he can improve on that as he matures.
Im not saying he\u2019s faultless, but it would help if he wasn\u2019t so isolated. He has absolutely no one overlapping with him. He\u2019s often left 1v2. Paired with a decent winger with pace he could improve his offensive output.  \n\nEdit: just realised he has James but I\u2019ve often seen it where the two aren\u2019t overlapping and 1 drifts inside. Perhaps it\u2019s a chemistry issue.
James needs and break.
Horrible in attack... Its crazy
He does need to improve that side of his game but tbf a lot of the time it was literally just him on that right side with no support. Looked a bit better when we switched James over to his side in the 2nd half
Agreed. And he usually a free option in good positions with lots of space. He hasn't taken advantage of that enough.\nWon't be surprised if teams actually leave him open at an option on purpose since they know he's toothless in attack.
I\u2019d rather a fullback who can defend rather then attack at the moment.
Williams or Young closed him down. Shaw delivered nothing offensively. He epitomises Ole ball.
>Williams or Young closed him down\n\nThis season? When? \n\n>Shaw delivered nothing offensively.\n\nBullshit, he was good offensively today
I actually thought Shaw was more adventurous going forward than we have seen this season, especially considering the ineptitude of Pereira down that side. Even put in a threatening cross which no one met. He was at his best last year when he was interchanging Pogba down that left channel. A consistent XI will do wonders for him.
He did well to hold up defensively but seemed tentative in attack. But we have the same problem down both wings with Rashford injured, being that there is no proper winger making runs.
Spot on. United isnt a top team at the moment.
>  Brandon Williams is far better\n\nLmfao. Shaw was in TOTS at Southampton and won POTY here. I don't think either Poch or Mou think he's crap lad.
He needs to go
And Greenwood should've come on for Pereira at 1'
That late?
Ole for ya
He came in when Traore was off and stayed up all the time while James contributes a lot defensively. Do people not understand the games and just make stupid comments?
This is Ole, early subs aren\u2019t allowed
What is Ole actually thinking though when he doesn't make the subs? Is he just thinking \"Ah, it'll be alright I'll give it another half hour\" before bringing on players
Subs in last 5 games:\n \n**City**- 45th min, **Rochdale** 45th min, **Burnley**- 45th min, **Liverpool**- 74th min, **Wolves**- 64th min
88th minute substitution, was it? Come on now, you have to make that change much earlier for him to affect the game.
He shoulda come on earlier than that. Amazing how long Pereira stayed on the pitch.
James is out of form, Pereira is shite and Mata offers. Nothing at RW.
True. He needs to work on his dribbling in tight spaces. He is very predictable in what he does. Unless we use the counter-attack tactic, he isn't effective.
And he is so weak! I really wonder why the refs don't seem to think he's getting fouled. You always see wee pacey players like him getting numerous fouls but refs seem to hate him for some reason.
Absolutely! He was consistently trying to get into the box and was also very quick with his touches on that left side.
Right back to left winger, the reverse Ashley.
He's great when he has space to run in, his crosses are usually decent too though.
If I speak i am in big trouble
Una bandejita paisa ahora mismo no estar\u00eda nada mal
Just call them gorditas for maximum drama
Obviamente colombianas parcero
Let's be honest we all knew it wasn't going to happen. Internet fans aren't reflective of the match going fanbase.
Nah,  he walked alot too.  If he wasn't our front man, he'd be a dog walker.
Yeah when he chased down that shit pass from Bruno and won a corner, but that couldn't have been Martial cus all he did was walk. Combined with the multitude of amazing passes we played to him, amazing how he didn't run for any of them.
Blocked mata on a great run towards goal as well
Chorizo, queso y huevo chamo
People need to wake up to the fact that he isn\u2019t good enough to be a starting 9 for us, even if he\u2019s improved a lot of aspects to his game.
No, he\u2019s not getting enough flak for that performance. He was absolute dogshit. The worst I\u2019ve ever seen him. \n\nNot only did he lose the ball every time he got it, he stole chances off others *and then* lost the ball.\n\nIghalo with coronavirus would be an improvement on that.
Don't even bother trying to reason with these wheelchair experts analysts. The guy got man marked because Wolves knew how useless the rest of the team is. I know James is a really likeable lad but he got a lot of space and did fuck all. He was so wasteful it looked like Bruno gave him a hairdryer.\n\nThe team provided absolutely zero service to Martial and gave him shit passes while he was marked.
Did you watch the match? He offered zero movement and when he did get the ball, he lost it. Abysmal performance.
He got a free kick everytime and they were man marking him because they know how useless everyone else is. But I won't argue with clueless inbreds like you. No goal automatically equals shit. I get it.
Did you see how many times he lost possession?
It\u2019s true though - these arepas were amazing
You're really funny my guy. Almost forgot to laugh
Would love for anyone on this sub to show me one good pass into space martial received today.
None because he did not run into space but instead have his back to goal the entire match
The same guy who emailed me?
yes
Yes. Your 1 million from your late uncle sloan_of_the_src will arrive by mail as soon you transfer me the 100,000 thank you goodnight
He promised me like a million dollars so I sent him all my bank acc details. What a nice guy!
He gonna show da teem de wehh \n\n(Hopefully)
Rashford has always provided more clutch moments than Martial since Rashford's debut. Can't even count with 10 fingers the number of times Rashford has helped us in the most needed situations. Martial on the other hand, can't remember any after his first season.
I believe he scored in assisted in a game when we were down by 1 in Mourihnos first season.
Chelsea away last season...
Chelsea last season, Tottenham at home in Jose's second season, Chelsea this season, etc.
I'm actually really optimistic about Bruno himself, I just don't think he'll be enough to drag this team from what it is into a top 4 side. Too many holes in the squad and too many question marks over the players that are there.
No player should have to drag us into top 4. This team is poorly coached and we having to rely on individual brilliance is frustrating. Our squad could definitely be better but trust me this team is good enough to make top 4. Also consider the teams we have constantly lost/dropped points against. You can't tell me those teams have better players than we do. We are poorly coached. Till that changes we will continue to struggle. Sadly.
On a positive note he was good. Something new that we have been lacking. Trying some shots, trying some long passess, recycling possession. We need runners to match up to his vision
If we can get Pogba to get his head in the game,  those two are gonna be dangerous together.  Sit Matic in the defensive mid roll with the form he's in.
He was superb today, too many people only focus on offensive contributions. Impressive workrate and did well to cover the gaps when Martial/Andreas/James inevitably turned over possession.
It was all obvious when in the dying minutes of the game a 31 year old Mata was full on sprinting into the box during the attack and a 24 year old Martial was hanging about on the left flank.
Five years in the team and we're still waiting for him to become someone. It's enough
So that's two strikers we'll need to buy
So offensive Phil Jones? Couple flashes of decent to give you hope,  only to let you down.
I just thought of it today as well. Better to close the chapter with him rather than fucking hoping for years.
How was his seevice today?
What service? Lol
Martial was quite poor today true. But this looks like a recurring issue with past forwards as well.\nThe truth is whoever is up top will struggle because we barely create anything. Lewandowski will easily struggle in this United side. We give our strikers scraps to feed on.
SO many times, I'm watching him jogging and in my head I'm screaming \"WTF dude make a fucking run\"
Mate is your brain alright? This is most retarded comment I've ever fucking read
You deserve the Glazers
He looked pretty sexy ngl
u/kiwwi191 WELCOME TO UNITED 2020 HD SKILLS AND GOALS
\ud83e\udd80
Sounds about right as a compensation for such a pain.
US TV mentioned it was meant to happen at 68 mins, didn't see anyone leave.  Same old shit in the EPL, plan a walk-out, don't deliver.
It happened after the game.
Of course he was isolated, he kept drifting out wide instead of staying in position
It looks like he's fitted with some sort of fuse that just automatically turns his brain off whenever he finds himself in a good position.
I'm also good at football when there are no opponents
Bruno is the player Pereira thinks he is
That's perfect analysis!
Fred was good too
Absolutely. Can amplify that \u00d75 times and say that out loud. \n\nDidn't mention that because he being the only midfielder in the pivot role and being absolutely incredible.
It's also sort of his positioning. I liked his off-the-ball movement, but the struggle in this game is mostly the front three.
Thought Maguire had a great game too
Shaw for me is WAY to slow passing the ball. Had numerous chances to bring it to Mata in a good position, but just stays with the ball and then the short sideways/backpass. Good performance, but is the 2. choice of LB atm. \n\nWilliams on the other hand is more direct and plays those risky forward passes. We need that type of players all over the pitch.
AWB was only good because we let wolves attack us more \n\nGoing forward he is awful
Problem is you guys playing him at 6, he needs to be moved to higher up
Had a bad game, sure. But come on.
I feel this unpopular opinion in my soul.   I'd like to see Greenwood start over him.   Especially with pogba on the way back and Bruno settling in over the break as well.  The midfield needed help but the midfielders need help up front as well.
With the way we play, none of our attackers try to get in behind the defense. It's always striker trying to hold up the ball and trying to play one two with second runner. With Greenwood's physicality I don't think it will work. We need to change the way we attack
No u
[deleted]
And a set piece coach, and a throw in coach hopefully, we're so wasteful.
One of whom was Lingard
The player bashing still won't stop. Lingard probably won't get scapegoated (yes, he's poor but there are deeper problems with our coaching) because Bruno is there, so it's going to be Andreas now I think. Martial and AWB next would be my guess.
[deleted]
We had our full squad against CP and other teams as well. Guess what happened in those games?\n\nNo matter what, 0 goals in the past three games, and only 4 goals in the last 5, with 35 points in 25 freaking games is not acceptable for a man utd coach.
You bring up injures and lack of depth, but you do realize we are in that position because Ole played players that were injured right.
I'd like to remind you that Lingard was a good player before Ole turned up. \n\nHe started for England in a World Cup Semi. \n\nWriting him off as some useless donkey is ridiculous.
>As long as Ole doesn't have at least somewhat workable conditions he will always have my support\n\nWhy not have similar arguments for the players? Why should they be judged on how they perform under a ridiculous dressing room in the last season under Jose or an inexperienced and under qualified manager in Ole. Why does Ole get a free pass?
Hahaha some United fans are just sheep.
We beat city 1-0 and lost on aggregate tho! Things are looking up! (According to this sub a few days ago)
Our goal difference without the Norwich games is 29 scored and 28 conceded in 23 games.
Hopefully you don't get accused of cherry picking statistics on this one, because on this sub, that's possible.
People are so quick to judge players after half a season. It clearly takes time to get used to a new system or in the case of Fred a new league.\n\nShaw was immense last year and because his form dropped people say he\u2019s trash.\n\nMaguire was incredible for Leicester for years and if he plays like he did today week in week out I\u2019d say the fee could be justified in the long run.
Is any CB apart from VvD worth 80m?
Varane ? Koulibaly ? Laporte ?
He doesn\u2019t need to for me. Not his fault the fee was so absurd
Can't deny that tho. All thanks to Jose for making Leicester rev up the price by 20 million
And a Director of Football
And a proper #9
A set piece coach wouldn't hurt either.
I actually suspect Ole would make a better DoF than manager. He seems to be able to build a squad, he just can't do anything with it.
We looked as clueless as always
Equally that Ole and our staff are not the long term solution.
You are jealous of his tactical revolution. He's teaching the club to play in a brand-new attacking philosophy. \n\nJust a few more transfer windows and we should be able to score goals at home pretty soon.
Agree, we'll just see where we end up. Outside top four/no EL title, move on IMO.
So what do you want him to do after he receives the ball. Dribble through 4 players?
no, if you're gonna receive the ball with your back to goal I expect you to lay it off, spin and shoot or at least hold it. He didnt do any of these, hes nowhere near good enough.
Cure for insomnia
I'm not even remotely surprised
Inthinmmartial will move to left and ighalo to be cf till rashford comes back
Yes most likely, Ighalo could really help Martial, he was in world class form when Rash was playing, hopefully Ighalo provides support to him.
He was already motioning Dan James to run in behind.\n\nGame one and he is already shocked at how static our forwards are...can't blame them when they keep making the runs but nobody plays the passes. \n\nFred, Matic, Perreira and even Mata have been woeful playing passes over the top to runners.
Agree. He did well defensively and that's the minimum we expect from our defenders. Going forward is an issue but at least we're solid at the back.\n\nWonder if we had an ndidi or something, would they give more license to our full backs to bomb forward similar to Liverpool.
Going forward is something they can do but they have no end product that's the problem, Williams has a better output at the opposition half than Shaw. Shaw is better at defending for now.
I'm not sure if even it's the guy who signed him to blame, I think it will be really weird if Ole thought James will be a consistent team starter this year, but I think it's a decent buy considering the fee and the potential.\n\nThe problem is with the administration - releasing Sanchez, Lukaku, Herrera and bringing no 1st team replacement
He looked good enough at the start of the season, we just have to play him too much, so he's knackered now...
Lance Armstrong's missing testicle defends better than Andreas.
We were protecting the point...
Mata had a good game btw. I think Ole was looking to use Bruno to recycle the possession, and Mata to create some opportunities.\n\nUnfortunately the full backs were quite bad in the final third of the pitch, and Martial was basically like a statue... No movement, no courage, no nothing.
He was already placed deep to start with... Otherwise, Pereira would have slotted into his spot, and that would be a horrendous disaster.
That same someone would probably also rave at you about all of Lingard's awesome contributions to the team! Guess some people will defend just about everyone and everything.
Not to replace Fred, but Andreas. Best game of the season was with Fred and McT dominating KdB and Silva
He\u2019s a harrier type ball winner, not a physical imposing one. His energy in the press & close down negates the need for a more robust stature. They\u2019re tough to play against in a way that a \u201cstronger\u201d player isn\u2019t -wiry and flexible in defensive situations.
What? \nThat is today's starting lineup. Minus Matic due to the red card...
I said what ideal starting XI if Matic is available. However, he isn't available due to red card. \n\nSo I hope Bruno plays as CAM when Matic available.
I just don\u2019t know what his best position is, he can\u2019t lead the line on his own but he seems to have lost a yard of pace that would hinder him on the wing, also he can only play on the left and he isn\u2019t displacing a fit Rashford there now. \n\nI like Martial but he\u2019s 24 and he has games like today far too often for a player who\u2019s approaching their prime years, when he\u2019s not playing well he\u2019s a hindrance, some players can have a bad spell but still produce moments of magic I don\u2019t think Martial can because if it\u2019s not going well for him it\u2019s like he just gives up, he doesn\u2019t have the mentality to push himself to the top level it seems, which is a shame as he does have the talent when he\u2019s firing but he\u2019s far too inconsistent. He doesn\u2019t have the excuses he had under Jose as Ole has supported him, given him his shirt number back and played him regularly. \n\nThis is more than just Rashford being out, this is Martial struggling to even do the basics well and as I said even his finishing-which used to be a massive strength has gone off the boil recently- with him missing clear cut chances you\u2019d expect him to bag against both Burnley and Liverpool. I don\u2019t like to compare them and they do play better together but Rashford still had games like Spurs where he was good plus a match winner, a formation change helped Rashford without Martial whereas without Marcus, Tony has looked lost no matter what system we play. \n\nWe need a striker, I don\u2019t think Martial can lead the line constantly for a team who wants to challenge for major trophies. \n\nPs sorry for the essay.
To add to this, a few months ago Rashford was the next Welbeck and you would be downvoted for defending him, but now he's one of our best players.\n\nAfter the previous 3 games, a lot of people now wouldn't mind Martial leaving despite scoring or assisting 17 goals this season. \n\nAtleast we are all consistent about lingard and pereira.
Yeah mate its a bit crazy i try and stay off these threads when we've not had a good performance. \n\n\nSeeing all the martial can fuck off comments really pissed me off. Yes he had an awful game but like you said hes been clocking in goals and assists. Also before it was \"oh he needs better service\" or \"he plays better with rashford\". People just pick and choose lol
Honestly I probably wouldn't go out early if I paid for the seats \ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2642\ufe0f
nothing better than a cultural reboot built in the midst of the worst start in 30 years.
i even defended ole when he did the same with pogba. but this is different. we were in control, needed a win badly, and he got *more* conservative as the game went on as far as bruno\u2019s positioning went. even when ole did this with pogba, he at least moved him higher as the game progressed, or moved to a 442. this was a new level
i\u2019m genuinely curious what makes you think a manager with his cv can get us top 4?
Well he wasn't awful with Molde, at least I don't think so, he had a good run last season then somehow capitulated at the final hurdle, we have some of our arrogance back and we show up to the big games, so overall with some tweaks to the coaching staff I think consistently finishing top four is possible for him, and he's not bald so technically he can't be a fraud.\n\nCould be wrong though.
i replied to your other comment with specifics but i just have to say i love how smug your comment gets at the end because you simply cannot imagine that there\u2019s a simple solution to all of this.
Probably. I think he needs a target man too....he doesnt look comfortable to cross the ball to Martial when hes wide. And he actually has a decent cross on him.
Maguire was immense. Shaw & Aaron looked better in the second half too. \n\n\nShan't mention Pereira. What a travesty.
We had an inability to make through passes and line breaks with Mourinho too in fairness..
Yeah but at least he had a style and plan, it was horrible to be around but anybody could see what we were trying to do and it had to be planned for, can't say the same for Ole
Still not as a holding midfielder. Fred has been overworked lately and as Matic gained form, we lost him through the red card.
They have no business being Manchester United players right now.\n\nLingard gets a pass from me because he has played better in the past and he is having a difficult time in his personal life. Still he needs to be sold, unless he has a good preseason. A good Lingard is a great bench option.\n\nPereira I like the guy but he is just not good enough. Sell in the summer to Spain or somewhere.
Not sure you can call it progress. 53 points would be the lowest number of points since the 1989/1990 season.
I was being sarcastic...
Okay mate
Smh
He deffo needs a break. I feel like he\u2019s burnt out. Shall we chip in and get him a spa day ?
Nah mate didn't you read the tactical analysis thread? Mata drifts inward to overload the middle of the park, Ole once again showing he can out tactic the best managers in the world..
Lololol play Bruno Fernandez as a CDM wow world class tactics. Next play Juan mata as a striker
His first half wasn\u2019t that good tho. He did make runs but gave away the ball frequently.
Oh yea my bad.
He needs to be sold, totally agree. For the \u00a360m or so we may get for him maybe we can get someone who can lead the line and occupy defenders and still be decent technically.
He clearly cant play as an ST when Rashford isnt playing. He gets so lost between the defenders without any help. The other forwards that are supposed to help him were pereira james and mata lmao these lot wouldnt even start for brighton
Yeah good point tbf I know what you mean. Looks to go one way and then bursts the other way with his pace. Just needs to work on it a bit more but he's nowhere near as bad as most fans make him out to be attacking-wise
Honestly, I don't have the stats for it, but I'm sure he puts in a lot more crosses than Williams and Shaw combined. I'll go google that now.
Nah he's still class, such an amazing tackler of the ball. His game defensively is near on perfect I'd say. Just needs to work on the attacking side of his game. And even then it's not even that bad compared to what people are making him out to be
Me too to be honest...but he\u2019s up there with Lingardinho
I won't even dignify that with a response.
Beast mode activated.
If we get them in Europa league I think I\u2019ll cry.
That is also an issue but  there was many times when there was a pass out to Wan Bissaka or James who were running and then had to stop their run or even back track to control the ball.\n\nVery frustrating.
Pellegrini won the PL title in his first season. He wasn't bad. Solskjaer would be worse than Mark Hughes was for them
Mate Pellegrini smashed the 100 goal record for City lol
Would probably call kdb \u201cbruyney\u201d too or Stones \u201cStoney\u201d
Don't. Just... don't
Plenty of people knew but were downvoted or stopped commenting because criticism is not allowed here it seems
Totally agree
Our one and only
The team has a smash and grab attitude. Content with playing on the counter. But they are a few years away from total and direct domination displayed by city and Liverpool. \n\nYou can only play with the cards you.\u2019re dealt.
we also beat City, Chelsea, Spurs, Leicester... You're cherry picking some games and judge a season based on that... So I did the same. Stupid thing and cherry picked some other games.\n\n \n\nBoth are stupid. You don't judge a season on a handful of games. There's a lot more to it. And I'm not saying we're having a good season. But you can't just come here and say we're shit because we lost to some shit teams, when in  the same breath, we beat the best teams too.
They have conceded 32 goals this season, hope this helps.
I can look at the table myself. That's less than Chelsea and on par with Spurs. Thing is, when Wolves turn up, they're actually a really good team. That was the case today.
I don't want him throwing anyone under the bus but don't insult us with that shit. Fucking say the team played poorly; you don't need to throw anyone under the bus.
The team played well.
Yeah, but so is having a hodge-podge team when half of your key players are out injured. He best not be going or you can forget us winning anything in the next 10 years at least. The cycle of new manager, early good run, bad run, new manager, rinse, repeat.\n\nIf people are willing to give up on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer already then we may as well replace the red devil with a liver bird now
The thing is, we could have been down 2-0 at halftime that game.  Everyone was euphoric that we bashed em 4-0 but the truth is, for the first half hour or so they were the better team and hit the woodwork twice.  So we were fortunate to have the lead at halftime and if we hadn\u2018t been up at the break we probably wouldn\u2018t have been able to catch them out on those counters
?
And a new owner. And a new DOF too.
One new fitness and medical team too, please.
Ouch, bit of a low blow mate haha
Sorry if that offended you mate. My apologies.
Ooof \n\nP.S :- should be taken in good taste
Not sure if it should be - although lots of Redditors make these sorts of jokes
His goals have really come from service, something we don't have much of. I wouldn't be surprised if he'd have 0 goals here at this point lol
But Bruno seems to be good at playing balls through. Maybe once Rashy is back that will work but him and haaling would have been nice
Too much is expected from James, he should be a young developing sub, not our main wing, but we have no real alternatives right now
Think he is injured
You put the ball in constantly and at least 2 out of 10 times it will most probably turn in to a dangerous chance no matter how poor the forwards are . At least it's  better than to pass the ball backwards which in most cases doesn't even end up going near the goal.
Exactly, what\u2019s the point in sprinting down the wing then going backwards then side ways then get pressed and tackled. Just put it across goal constantly. Traore does it for wolves, although today he didn\u2019t find a team mate thankfully.
He is just infuriating, every time he touches the ball he is either giving it away or making a poor pass.. Just can't watch him play anymore, should have been off way sooner in my opinion.
Even the commentators here in norway mentioned it, so the words had reached somewhere at least
Progress!
Lol of course
No but you bring in Bruno to actually play up not back. If pereira can\u2019t handle doing it he just needs off immediately
The problem is that we don't have many options and if someone has to start beween James and greedwood I pick Mason. Mostly because he is the best finisher in our team.\n\nWhen Pogba(who don't know if will come back), Mctom and rashford come back, eally hope that we don't see again Lingard or Pereira.
Bruno is not a 10 or 6. He was always a right sided 8 who can also play 10 well.
Exactly what I meant. \n\nTaking him to 6 killed his game.
Fair point. Just feel like if he gained a stone he\u2019d be getting fouls called. Maybe he wouldn\u2019t be getting fouled if he weighed more though... eh..............:::.::::::@::92-&-!1$28:&;!
He is pretty tired as of late. He wasbt brought to be a starter
It\u2019s like the refs don\u2019t see him anymore. I don\u2019t get it. Looking forward to him taking some bulking tips from Shaw this summer though.
Maybe I'm biased being latin american but watching Jim\u00e9nez play, not just this game but many, makes me believe he would find many goals for us now that we have Bruno
May as well get Werner.
I'm a huge fan of Timo, last season I watched a lot of Bundes because of him but I read he held talks with Liverpool, do you know if that's true or rubbish?
Still better than Martial, I love Tony as much as the next devil but he relies too much on Rashy. But I don't disagree that there might be better options.
A few guys on here and a bunch of people on twitter.
That's dumb. He was pretty great considering he was being played out of position.
How is Sheffield a good comparison? They currently sit above us.
Our squad is still better on paper, man for man. It was just one example but its a good example as any. I could also say he's not good enough for any of our top 6 rivals, of course including teams above us and that just shows how far our standards have dropped
[deleted]
Wtf do they have to do with our manager making stupid comments? People like you think you are a better supporter than everyone else and call people plastic because you wont say a bad word about a manager who isn't good enough to manage this club. My love of the club is why I dont want this manager here. I'm not blind to his cluelessness unlike some.
Base on what do you think he would be better as DoF. He has even less qualifications to be a DoF than he does to be a manager. I don't get the people that think Ole would be a good DoF
How can you know if ole would be good as a dof and poche can\u2019t come now because he I\u2019ll have to pay Tottenham a big amount of money from what I understand, only at the end of the season.
I'd love him as a dof. Knows and understands the club seems to have an eye for a player. Experience with the youth. Think Poch has a clause in his payoff that any other club need to pay 10 million to sign him this year
Some will say that's not his job, and to a certain degree, it is not. He's not there to back track and no manager will ever sign him to do that. He's there to do other things. Unfortunately for Tony, he's not been doing those things at all this season.   \n\n\nHe's having a bad time and as a professional, he should at least show some fire when things are not going his way. There was an instance today when he got on the ball near the left flank, controlled it and had James running up the overlap. Tony took a lazy touch and lost the ball. Guess what happened next? Tony head down and starts walking. Guess who won the ball back? Yes, Dan James, the guy who was way in front of him, who did nothing wrong, he stopped his run as soon as the ball was lost and went to backtrack and won the ball back.   \n\n\nI'm not saying Dan James had a good game today btw. But that moment made me fume. There is no way any professional should be content with not performing and not showing any fire. \n\n&#x200B;\n\nI for one know, be it ice hockey or football, if I'm having a mare, the least I'll do is chase people down like a rabbit and make their night a misery. No chance I'm there to make their evening a stroll in the park.
Start actually expecting performances in the modern game and no one will sign for you and you\u2019ll lose the dressing room
Martial would be out of pocket
Oh piss off they were absolute dogshit today
Dont you think our defensive preformace had to do anything with that? Bar set pieces we're actually a good defensive team
Kidding about what? Can you read?\n\nWolves were very good defensively. We were obviously fairly poor but their hand in that can\u2019t be underrated.
Wolves weren\u2019t good defensively, we were poor don\u2019t make excuses for this showing denial gets us nowhere it\u2019s unhelpful.
Loved who he brought on, too late to make any real difference in a game where we were obviously weak in attack
Agreed with all of this. Bruno is more than willing to play through the lines and showed it today. With his leadership qualities we may see our players start to make those runs more often. Pogba coming back will only improve this as well. I\u2019m excited to see how those two play as a midfield duo in front of Fred or McTominay. This squad desperately needs both of their leadership qualities and both of their footballing abilities.
I agree low risk signing and an extra body was needed but some of the comments I see on here seem to think he\u2019s going to be a game changer for us.
I think the plan was to put Pereira at DM. Bruno started way further up. But Pereira did such a shit job of that in the opening 20 that Ole switched them.
I think shaw could have been dm and williams full back but idk, is there any reason why williams didn't play though?
Lingard would\u2019ve done worse, sad as it is
That's a good point, but in that case, I think the width should have been better maintained by James and Mata. As for AWB I wish we saw more of that type of play from. A lot of the times I feel like he is hesitant to put in a good cross
Back to twitter with you
He\u2019s right, he\u2019s definitely leaving in the summer and I don\u2019t blame him. Wasted his prime years at this club
This is absolutely a bang on assessment of what happened today. And what also happens to Pogba when he plays.
Ouch haha
Aye that showed them
What happened to the aggressive attacking team that was when Ole first took over
What happened is that Ole finally left his own print over the team overtime, also the new manager bounce faded.
Then you can't say he's been great\n\nConsidering his price tag he's been pretty underwhelming, he's far from being a rock in defense, hopefully he'll turn it around a la Vidic
Vidic had rio and a world class midfield. You think vidic would be as solid with this squad? Maguire\u2019s dribbling is really good, and his passing out of the back is good. His mishaps just get amplified because we aren\u2019t winning games.
Fact is that Liverpool had a proper recruitment team, a board willing to sign new players, there's loads of different circumstances, this isn't Fifa 20 lads.
Liverpool signed Mane, Karius, Matip, Klavan, Manniger and Wijnaldum in Klopp\u2019s first summer. Out of those players, only 3 are first teamers and that team finished 4th. They started off from a worse place and finished in a better place. We started from a better place and are going to finish in a worse place. Backwards and downwards
Sort by controversial mate \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd you\u2019ll find a few of \u2018em
They\u2019re a good team because they have a proper manager.
They're a good team because they have good players. They are also managed well which is why they are so hard to beat, and are able to win against the likes of City when playing away from home.
Five years at the club, think I\u2019ve seen enough. Marcus Rashford and a proper number 9 signing in the summer takes us back to where we need to be.
What like lack of goals? Which Martial is employed to do?
Nope, his ratio is 1 in 2, and with the absolute crap he's around there's not much more he can do. AWB useless, Shaw useless, Perreria shit, James always being inside, never using his pace on the outside. There's a reason we do good with Martial and Rashford, the rest are shit. Movement so bad half the game felt like it was in slow motion, sometimes it was at a stand still.
What is he actually meant to do? Really. Some of You lot go way too in on Martial.
He's 22. \n\nHe needs to be given time out of the side for a little bit and be a sub for a while, but we can't really do that. \n\nNot ready to be a full on starter every week yet. He'll develop, 22 is still quite young.
Fair enough he is 22 then mb. But I still dont know what people expect. He isn't the issue with this team and calling for him to be sold is ridiculous
https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/comments/exb5ae/post_match_thread_manchester_utd_0_0_wolves/fg79tww/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf\n\nNot exactly downvoted.\n\nNot to mention stupid stuff is always top reply on twitter
By the time everyone at utd comes to there senses some big club would have snapped up poch ,I hope I'm wrong though
Nah poch has been in talks with utd and he hasn\u2019t got a job yet coz he\u2019s waiting for this one. He knows he\u2019s gonna get it.
Exactly. He's a terrible coach
But Rome was built with competent hands. Lack of time is not the problem
>Ole\u2019s not dumb. He knows there has to be movement.\n\nDoes the notion of \"drilling the fucking system\" on the players even exists with Ole? One difference you see between Ole and most solid managers is how good they are at drilling the system into everybody. Why? It's because the manager should be the one coming up with a system that players have to buy under one simple rule: \"It's my way or the highway.\"\n\nIf Ole is serious about wanting to win something with this team, he better start coming up with an identity, of which I see none after 13 months at the helm. At least, Klopp stamped his identity on Liverpool within a few months despite conceding goals left, right and center.
Why do I get the feeling this Rome thing is the new \u201ccultural reboot\u201d joke
I didn't say we weren't. But the referee refused to give wolves any cards, was inconsistent in what were fouls, and then only added only 4 minutes when wolves were time wasting throughout the game and Adama's injury fiasco/sub took 5 minutes by itself. Very irritating.
Adama took 1min 30,not 5. Should have been more time added, but as I said, he put everyone out of their misery by blowing up
I'm the same I really love Tony and hate criticising him. Didn't see the comments after but yeah exactly, he just didnt do enough. Can be amazing on a good day but the issue is he's non existent in s bad day, and seems to have more bad than good!
Yeah think he would favour a 4-4-2  type formation, will see what it's like after the break coming up :)
Under LVG, we played the worst football and had the most goalless games.\n\nMourinho has been our best manager by far.
It's subjective to an extent I guess because it's all not been very pleasant to watch. There were games during every managers tenure where I just wanted to turn it off or just regretted wasting my time watching after\n\n\nI did mention lack of goals but we had an actual system and our passing actually looked good and the players had chemistry. I very much disagree we played the worst football under him. Mourinho I've disliked on a personal level side he came to England a long time ago so I may be biased but I'd put LVG above him
It\u2019s remarkable how much world class coaches know more than us. LvG showed that right here. Mourinho knew Rashford is better on the wing but people thought he had an agenda and felt vindicated when Ole played him centrally and he scored for a bit. Now he\u2019s moved back to the left and looks great, proving Mourinho right that
iTs ThE pRoGrEsS!!!!
And people keep saying he needs another full season to show his pRoGreSs. I mean, sure, progress us all the way into league 1...
Don\u2019t you dare
Exactly
Or played on the wing.
Reluctant to say, anyone.. Martial has been playing 5 years for us, he is soon to be 25. What progress has he made? Honestly, I'd argue in some cases he has been declining. He is slowing us down, and has been for quite some time - he should leave.
No no, your opinion is valid. I meant as in our total lack of depth and our massive injury crisis. If you drop him you have to play Greenwood up top which then means you have 2 incredibly average wingers either side. I\u2019m happy to phase the lad out from the Summer but we can\u2019t really afford to drop him at this moment in time.
Sorry mate I meant Redknapp!
Cheers lad. Is Rashford actually back that early?
I heard some people say. It\u2019s still going to be almost a month considering it\u2019s after the break.
Ole saif they won't at the press conference and doesn't know when they will be back.          \nDecent chance Marcus' season is over
Ah i see, thanks for clarification mate!
Some how, every signing since SAF has almost been simply one step forward but two back (when we sack the manager).
I honestly can\u2019t believe Pereira is still a Manchester United player.\n\nHe\u2019s worse than Nick Powell or Ryan Tunnicliffe.
Why is it a surprise when Ed can only do one deal at a time? We definitely need to get another CM in the summer but watch us chase an unrealistic ST target and Sancho instead.
Exactly. He lost the ball all game and better to do that further up the pitch. His days are numbered we just need to find a replacement. It will be a long way down for him. He's not even good enough to be a squad player.
I'm pretty sure he'll be displaced by Matic the next game, we're just so short of midfielders playing deep this game. I can make do with a Matic - Fred - Bruno midfield at the moment
More like StupidBall
I don\u2019t see the need to even compare us to other teams points as it\u2019s as semi-dependent on us as it is them and each season is different.\n\nWe\u2019ve won 9 out of 25 games, that\u2019s enough to tell the story.
They're both 7/10 level players who when play together elevate each other to a performance of say 8/10. Rashford is younger, can't keep the same level of expectations from both the guys. Ever since Rashford's injury, I don't think Martial has played a game at a level above 6/10 (barring the Tanmere game)
17th Feb is the day it gets over.
We play Chelsea on the 17th. So unlikely that they will play
That\u2019s our next game I think. Thankfully pereira be straight to the bench when that happens
He is on bench is still scary
He's trying not to lose. That's all I could see.
I can't tell if the comment you're responding to is being made in jest/sarcasm or seriously. Hoping it's the former.
Inlighten us mate...
They never actually reply to this question
He plays 4-2-3-1 with a no 10 and a striker up top who brings the two wingers into play. martial was trying to do that all game but he should be not doing that today because wingers atm are not good enough. Problem is our best players are injured and our no 10 signing Bruno was playing in pivot because nobody else was available. That\u2019s why Andreas started or else Bruno would be even deeper. We missed matic a lot today. A midfielder who could hold the ball would have made the difference
I really don't buy these excuses because we put in these same exact type of performances even when everyone was fit at the start of the season. Fuck, remember Wolves away? We had chances to win that game too just like we had some good chances today but our performance overall was similarly poor and we looked really poor going forward then too.
your summary of ole\u2019s tactical profile is so stupidly basic it\u2019s actually a perfect reflection of how little there is to his system. it consists of a formation and a striker who...passes. incredible. you\u2019ll struggle to find a team for whom that isn\u2019t the case. the fact that a single formation, which hasn\u2019t been working reliably all season, is apparently central to his plans says so much. what if, instead of playing a 4231 which as you pointed out was the source of a lot of our troubles today, ole switched to a 433?
Well we also let go a bunch of key players without replacing them aka Lukaku and Herrera, but in general i agree with you. Ole keeps going on about all the progress we're apparently making but i don't see it, it's the same old shit we've been seeing from this team ever since the start of the season. I'm a lot less angrier now than i was a few months ago, but it's becoming increasingly clear every week that this coaching staff needs to go.
All I am saying is, when do we stop saying, \"oh he just needs Pogba and Rashford back or oh just one more window\". We have 35 points from 25 games. Why is no one taking some of it out on Ole?
[removed]
Calm down, please.
[removed]
I wouldn't stretch that far...
Moyes at least had a solid stint at Everton before taking over United, it's not far fetched at all to say he's a better coach than Ole
I didn\u2019t want Jos\u00e9 to leave. Now I don\u2019t want Ole to leave. I don\u2019t care about him being a former player. I just know that the next guy that comes in will have a completely different mindset and game-plan to Ole which will require new players. Two transfer windows later when that guy has bought 2/3 players but still has to play Andreas Pereira because of all the injuries, results will go against us. People like you will come up with x, y and z reasons why we should\u2019ve never appointed that manager in the first place and the cycle will continue.
The thing is, you have to give managers time but it has to be the right manager. Ole has a shocking record, poor tactically, poor in game management and I can go on. He just isn\u2019t good enough. It will cause much more damage to keep someone whose clearly not good enough than try something different. There are credible managers like Poch, Naggelsman and Allegiri not someone who got relegated with Cardiff. I actually didn\u2019t want Jose to leave what irked me was that we signed just Fred after we finished 2nd. But Ed seems to be backing Ole with everything he wants when he doesn\u2019t deserve, give that backing to a more credible manager.
If we were showing signs of improvement and in the position we are now I genuinely would be satisfied. It's the fact that we aren't improving at all that annoys me.
I agree to a large extent but there is some improvement. \nBall retention against the better teams has improved.  Jose's team could get to 70% against the likes of Burnley/Palace/Huddersfield etc but he clearly believed doing so against Top 6 teams wasn't worth the risk for an entire 90 mins. But that alienated the fans because they could see the team press and dominate the ball when behind against City but couldn't understand why he'd only activate that for twenty mins.\nOle has the team 10% better, possession wise against those Top teams from what I can tell.
But if players keep getting injured and new players coming in how do you expect tactics to work, When half of the 1st team is injured? Not an Ole fan and would love to see poch but constant attacks on ole tactics like people here know better piss off.
Could easily play another player at DM instead of Pereira and Bruno. Where\u2019s the youth that ole keeps talking about? Why not play Garner or Levitt? Surely they\u2019re good enough to start, especially over Pereira. Ole is a joke
They are better players, yet did you see their results under the other manager last season, Modric is ready for China, Marcelo is not the same he used to be either. It's the decisiveness of the board and the manager who have arrested the slump.
He lost the dressing room, thats why he got sacked. We are a few signings away from being good again. I dont know whether Ole is the man to take us there. Only time will tell.
\"A few signings away from beeing good again\"\n\nThats what people are saying since Moyes....
Yaeh, a better squad that he built himself with much less money than we did. Spurs failed to perform this season is because they were out of steam after 3 intense seasons and not enough signings last summer.
Spurs always failed to perform. Spent 5 years at the club with no silverware. UCL final is cool but you don\u2019t get trophies for coming in 2nd place.
Stealing a wage
He is gonna be replaced in the long run. Maybe in a season or two. Still need depth in midfield after August. \n\nThe club shits money - wage is not an issuse.
I totally agree with ya mate that our bench is weak. Ole really has my sympathies there. But the players on the pitch aren't producing anything either. Nothing wrong in taking risks by bringing on Chong or Dalot  or Lingard seeing how poor our front three today was
You expect Chong, Lingard and a RB to do any better than what was already on this pitch? If it was me I wouldn't have brought any of them on.
Think he believes himself to be better then he actually is
Find spaces. He's too static. He's useless as a number 9. He needs to be on the wing.
You have to move to get service. Ronaldo, Lewandowski, Messi, Aguero, Kane or even Haland are nkt given ball on their feet. They move, they create space for themselves and perform good. This team is just coached at all.
He was found multiple times, and did fuck all
Face the goal
He doesn't put himself into situations to get a service. Hes always in 1st gear. Move around, make space and you'll get the ball.
A walkout was never the right move. The fans were never gonna walk out on the team. But I'll tell you what, the god damn management, coaches and players shoulda walked out. The fans are the only ones who deserve to be inside the stadium.\n\nAnd Fred. He can stay too.
It blows my mind that a man who spent a decade under Sir Alex can just sit there like that. Just...doing nothing. It suggests that not only does he have the tactical ability to change anything, he doesn't have the mentality to stamp his authority either.\n\nJesus Christ man, just get off your damn seat. Nuno didn't sit down for 90 minutes.
I missed SAF era, but I feel you, dude. It\u2019s very frustrating to see as a fan. It just looks like he\u2019s not invested in what\u2019s going on during the game.
You\u2019re probably right, Pereira was absolute dross. It\u2019s part of a larger problem however where Ole has no idea what to do against teams who play with a low block i.e. every team at Old Trafford besides Liverpool/City. Frustrating how we\u2019ve watched the same game of football play out over a dozen times this season with no signs of improvement.
It's not just Ole, I've read this about Mourinho, LVG, and Moyes, it's systematic at this point, we haven't seen movement really other than Oles counters. Remember the season where we finished second on the back of a high amount of long range goals? It's a serious problem that rots in the core of the club
Pereira could have at least took a yellow card to stop a counter then he could have been hooked after that. He offers absolutely nothing in the attack anyway apart from dribbling into defenders and continuously making wrong decisions. Would rather we gamble on winning a game at home instead of being scared to lose it.
>When you pay 60 quid for a ticket (plus travel and food) you\u2019ll understand why people were reluctant to take part. \n\nGetting rid of poor owners requires actual sacrifice, shock!!\n\n>Also, Bruno\u2019s debut and the anniversary of Munich. Was never going to happen.\n\nPoor timing
Believe it or not the attitude of this sub does not always align with the attitude of the match going fans. The pressure will be back on the board again in due time.
That was very inept imo. \nMata-Fernandes was looking very lively in first half but in second half Bruno never really came into the play.
Fuck off. Andreas sucked balls. Who else is gonna play there? Mata?
Then change the fucking formation. We had 3 CMs in Fred, Bruno and Pereira, we could easily have played a 433. But no, Ole has a hardon for the 4231 which has worked like  only 5 times this campaign. Or tevert to a back 3. Or bring someone else on. ANYTHING. We can buy an entire 11 of world class players and still fail to score because the team is not coached how to attack, how to press and how to retain possession. We have 9 wins in 25 games, it's beyknd pathetic, its shocking. Any other manager would have been sacked now, but Ole is chilling as if he no job pressure at all.
Move to Australian you can sleep through all the games like I did
There was no other option at CM ffs.
Get Perreira to fuck off and sub Phil Jones in then? Literally brought Bruno in to boost our attack and put him in CDM? Our attack looked just as clueless and garbage as they did $68m ago. Poor man management once again from Ole, repeatedly pulling these 85min subs instead of making them 20mins prior
Well, since Matic is suspended, and fred needs a company. The better choice was bruno
Did you read my comment. I said we need someone in the box like Haaland whose off the ball movement is incredible. That would probably solve your comment
We're not getting Haaland so I hope Ighalo will solve a part of the problem.
Then why start Pereira in the first place?
Then start who in his place exactly?
50 United goals faster than Giggs and Ronaldo and in this terrible time in history for united is not delivering?
Giggs and Ronaldo at the start were proper midfielders. Martial was always meant to score goals. \nHe is not all bad, but we need a world class forward to lead the line. \nRuud, Rooney, Suarez, lewandoski, Torres: This is the level that we should aim for, martial is mid table level. United needs WORLD CLASS.
His hold up play isn't good. He doesn't make runs. We finally had a player with a killer pass but Martials movement left a lot to be desired.
His hold up play wasn't good yesterday but generally it is very good. He is in bad form right now, I agree but the players around him and the system he is in is not helping. Last time we played wolves we created 1 chance and he scored.
I am no expert on football tactics so I feed off of good analysis and in most cases I have seen that Ole\u2019s situation right now is more like, \u2018You can take the horse to the river but you can\u2019t make him drink\u2019.\n\nAlso on match thread there were tons of people bashing these players, specially shaw.
Firstly, Lukaku wanted out. He made that clear. Also he is gone now, lets stop bringing that 1 thing up as defence for everything against ole. \n\nSecondly, if you have read the news lately and followed transfers, we chased a lot of other strikers. As a manager you don\u2019t provide 1, you usually give a list with priorities and backups (I know that only because one such list from Sir Alex was leaked a year or so ago). So yes, Ighalo must be a part of that list.\n\n\nNow you may ask How do I make the conclusion that the strikers we chased were suggested by, for the moment lets say, SOMEONE OTHER THAN WOODWARD? Its a clear pattern. \n\nIn the previous transfer windows when Ed was ignoring managers and running the show, (as we all know by now due to people itk openly speaking about it) he paid huge sums of money for options like Cavani (examples: Falcao, Di Maria, Alexis) and if it were the case now then we would have gone for Cavani and done everything to get him but instead we went for Josh King, trusted PL striker, not expecting big money and would be ok to know that he will not be THE SUPERSTAR here. We went for other similar names that are meant to be short term fixes and are reasonably prices as well until we actively pursue a good, stable, long term option in the summer!
Solid defensively but you could tell he was gassed and slow to get back on some counters and he slows down a lot of our attacks
Yeah meant going forward, should have specified
Uh yes, you should have specified. Because AWB was one of our best players today. He should not be in the same sentence as Martial.
Meant going forward specifically. For every good cross he puts in he puts in 2 or 3 poor crosses and also slows the attack down imo. I love AWB and he definitely has the drive to improve his attacking play in the future. No doubt in my mind he\u2019ll be a top right back in the world
