Fred played his heart out
And Dan James at the end there.\n\nCould say what you want about his ability or his performance, but the heart to absolutely bust a gut to try and stop Salah there. Couldn't do it, but he sure as shit tried.\n\nJust give your all for the shirt, it's all I ask at this point.
It\u2019s so heartbreaking.. DDG with the passion as well, wanting to come out to attack the corner..\n\nI\u2019m proud of the team though, we put a fight out there
People on r/soccer saying he could've done better, making that run at the end of the game, that's so commendable by him.\n\nAlso I have no clue why Ole didn't let de gea come forward.
\nThought we'd see a replica of Ole's challenge against Newcastle, oh well, did his best can't fault him.
I was waiting for an Ole special and for him to just take him out, but would not have been worth the ban.
Exactly. We can lose every game, but so long as the players are giving everything they can like that, I won\u2019t be mad at them.
He was soo fast, his legs were shuffling like mad to get to salah.
Dan James\u2019 work rate baffles me if only we could get him the ball in space
James should\u2019ve kicked the shit out of that cretin
Van Dijk was the best player on the pitch. Not even close.\n\nScored the decisive goal and a complete brick wall at the back. Incredible player.
What the fuck
I mean Alisson had a masterclass, credit due
He booted the ball into row z at any ounce of pressure
I'd argue Shaw also put in a decent shift
The ref played advantage because Liverpool had the ball
We've been grinding our best players into dust with no decent backups
Yep, hate to see it. The lack of depth is criminal.
No, I agree. Even Grealish is a better option if we\u2019re hell bent on \u2018PL proven\u2019
Grealish is the type of player you could build your team around. Calm on the ball, decent finisher and good vision. He\u2019d cost about 40m less than Maddison as well.
This
As is Haaland...
Definitely
Greenwood will stay for a while, not concerned there.  \n\n\nMake no mistake though, Rashford is currently playing his heart out and advertising himself to the countless elite clubs who are short of a leading striker. Barca, Real, PSG, Juve, Bayern would all start him...there are even sides in our own league where he could easily go and have better prospects of silverware.
Why would MG want to stay here if we continue the free fall that we've seen since Fergie left. He's one of the most talented finishers I've ever seen at his age and if he has only a sliver of ambition he'll want a career where he can win silverware and play in the Champions League and at the moment the signs are pointing to him not getting that here.
Maybe he should bury those chances before thinking things like that
I felt so bad for him everytime someone screwed up a simple exchange with him. Guy can\u2019t even show the world what he\u2019s made of with such mediocrity around
you forgetting that chance he blasted over from 8 yards out today?
Keeps improving? What kind of improvement have you seen so far from Chong?
The word \u201cif\u201d implies that something is not certain....
Yeah, he had to play solo against Henderson, Wijnaldum and Pereira
He passed the ball to pereira alot who then lost it
The disrespect... I suggest you watch the whole match again maybe 10x to see what he did for us today.
His job was to transition the ball and hold onto the ball. He did both of those well while also being open the majority of the time in wide spaces or as an outlet to the other players.
Being open isn\u2019t a positive it means that the team is so unconcerned about you they don\u2019t mark you tightly
He created 2 chances, most of any United player.
What two chances? The martial miss was from Andreas, he ran at the goal and had a shit shot that wasn\u2019t on target
Fred plays in a double pivot alongside Matic. His job isn't necessarily to create opportunities, but to disrupt defensively, and to help the transition when playing out of the back. Pereira is the one largely responsible for the creativity and was absolutely piss poor today.
Weird because when pogba plays that position he\u2019s our main creator and if he doesn\u2019t create he gets massive criticism
Fred gets waaay too much praise. His close control and turns were great today but he also had some wayward passes and his tame shots ruined a few attacks
Pere-\n\nThe ball goes to Trent.
And James passes it back to Pe... Easy pickings for Trent and forward to ....
I swear the couple of assists he had paper over the cracks so much. He just seems to always choose the absolute worst options.
Every once in a while he\u2019ll have a great performance and make me think maybe he has a future here. But then I\u2019m soon reminded just how average he is.
Maybe he saw the stat that we lose more when we have the ball. \n\n4d Chess
He had a really good pass to put Martial in an excellent position, and he was inches from scoring on the cross.
That\u2019s the thing with him though. He\u2019ll have 1 or 2 good moments in a game but a plethora of annoying mistakes.
And not getting into top 4 years in a row and having the reputation we have now is sustainable for attracting top players? It's a cycle and only good negotiator can break it
Well we we need to stop going for the obvious targets.
Or because our other option is to play League 1 quality players ?
Don't insult league 1, lingard and Pereira won't start in those teams.
No let\u2019s not pay at all and play pereira week in week out yea? Fucking idiotic way of thinking
Your way of thinking is short sighted, this season is done for. Might as well not overspend so in next years we can buy players in market value for once
Mate, come on now! We absolutely need him. Rashford is already out for 2 months. How the hell can we even think about top 4 with 3 of our key players missing? We need either a creator or a goalscorer and Bruno is a midfielder who can help us in both those departments. We absolutely have to get him.
As long as we don't overplay him and he gets injured as well. We only have two strikers unless there is anyone else from the academy that can allow us to rotate, our squad is too thin for the amount of games over the next month. Some of our better players have looked tired and ragged for a couple weeks now, it's going to get worse
Possibly at 0-0 but 0-1 down and a player down at anfield would be a lost cause
We wouldn't have had literally every single player bar De Gea forward for a corner 15 minutes earlier.
Did you miss the never you muppet?
Nah we were dogshit for several periods and they were unlucky not to be 2 or 3 up by 65 minutes in.
Unlucky? The dogshit amount of yellow cards we were getting and not even fouls for them for the same thing?\nWe could have also scored with those tap in chances and one martial missed.\nWe were not the better team. We were not clinical nor had that finishing touch. But boy did this scoreline don't show game. They were more poor than us in several chances and still we couldn't score is the most frustrating thing I am taking from here. Missed both mctomy and rashford and by a lot.
Would have slagged him off when we got no forwards and Periera is playing RW on Wednesday as well lmao
Yeah, he looks like his legs are water balloons. Just looks totally knackered.
He is superb 1 on 1, but lacks position skill.
He's young. It's the coaches to teach him.
He\u2019s 22
true, my bad. but definitely hes not the problem
Don't forget McTominay, who played thru injury for 93 minutes in game that was already won.
Ole needs to stop playing players just because they say they can.  Repeatedly doing this is worrying.
He played the rest of the half not a full game, and he was never seen by the trainers so there's nothing they could've done about it since Scott didn't ask for the trainer. Don't have to over exaggerate everything to make your point.
Feel the same way mate. But don't listen to those who blame this on the medical staff
Any clubs that would risk long term human health over pressure over the manager is a scum and shouldn't be a club.
Lol there\u2019s like entire sports (ahem nfl) that do this. Lots and lots of clubs do this, John Terry basically played years on painkillers. That\u2019s the sad reality but it\u2019s definitely more common than we think
I disagree. We need depth to rest and manage players.
shut the fuck up he's not good enough
Exactly. Like today\u2019s game went better than anyone should have really expected, yet you see everyone losing their minds and talking about the overhaul this club needs.
The long term impact is the same, if it is not managed properly.\n\nIt's not like fast bowlers are aliens.
Dalot has to play again at some point though
He does, but balancing giving him minutes to build fitness with giving AWB a rest is going to be tricky.\n\nI thought of suggesting giving Laird a game but then I think he's injured/coming back too
His crosses always scream \u2018exhausted\u2019
If we hurt him as well the FA should seriously ban us from signing any more players, for everyones safety.
I think that'll only make it worse hahaha
Where do you come up with this level of stupidity? The FA should ban the team you support for safety???
Best performance yet.
Better than our midfield does not mean insane. He got nugmeg again this match...
He's likely to be out until at least the end of Feb after Ole risked playing him with an injury last game.
oh no...
^Fred, not Rashford. Rashford is class.
Didn't say they were lucky did I?
> We had Martial missed a big chance and that's abt it.\n\nPereira inches from scoring.
We were lucky they missed a few close chances, but unlucky that we missed ours. Pereira had a very close chance as well.
yea that chance was prime. gutted he missed it
he wasn't marking VVD. VVD moved to where Williams was standing. Since we were Zonally marking and not man marked he was able to exploit the mismatch
VVD moved to where Williams was standing. Since we were Zonally marking and not man marked he was able to exploit the mismatch
Or its his bosses, the ones that hired him and that dictate the culture of the club.
Ye but. What would happen if you removed the top 3-4 players from Liverpool? \n\nWell ours are injured.
they would probably batter us lol.\n\nThey beat Barca 4-0 with Origi and Shaqiri on the pitch lol.
lol what? Liverpool were dreadful in front of the goal. The match could\u2019ve been 5-0 in the first half easily. We should consider ourselves lucky
> Even with all our players fit we would've lost.\n\nYou are saying if Pogba, McToniay and Rashford were fully fit then we would have definitely lost despite still being the only team to have taken points off Liverpool ? \n\n> we still lost to shit teams then\n\nI would not call the team that just won a fucking CL trophy and is on course to win the title unbeaten a \"shit team\"
He means we lost to shit teams with full squad in the beginning of the season.\n\nI feel we have improved on that issue though.
Matic did
Should be the first requirement, not the only
>Premier League titles.
I thought we sang \"20 times 20 times Man United\" though? Do we not count the 7 titles we won before the league got a corporate rebranding?
Their job is to keep the club profitable, not successful on the pitch. United would have made a loss last season without the sale of Lukaku and revenue is predicted to go down.... So you have to ask, is the money even there for Bruno.
Being profitable goes hand in hand with being successful on the pitch. We can't afford to stay this bad because we will miss out on UCL money and part of the Adidas money.\n\nI'm not sure that Lukaku bit is true, but if we have 140m to spend in 2 defenders, we can afford an attacking midfielder.
> No words for it.\n\nUnacceptable \nFarce \nJoke \nDisgraceful \nIncompetent
Good words my man
wE Wont BE HelD TO rANsoM!
You still get knuckle draggers on here that agree with not signing him in the summer because they didn't want to overspend. As if it's their money the club is using
Spending even 30 million extra last summer would have been worth it just for the sanity of the fans alone. Imagine how happy people would have been. Imagine how much intent it would have shown.
Which we\u2019ve needed for absolute *years*. Who was the last actual right winger we had? Valencia before he became a right back?\n\nRecruitment is a joke.
It's a bit sad that AWB is our threat on the right side.
I'll give you that, zonal marking is a disastrous tactic and I firmly believe in man marking for set pieces.
Woodward is responsible for the long term failure of the squad since he took over but Ole has to take responsibility for many things going wrong so far for sure. \n\nWhy are teams far below us ability wise able to play better football with worse players? Why does Ole continue to make late substitutions? What is our attacking strategy when teams sit back and how do we set up from set pieces?
Well the obvious response is he\u2019s shit but don\u2019t tell this subreddit that
[deleted]
And? He could\u2019ve had them warming up sooner? Sure the bench isn\u2019t great but we needed something different
Because a lot of reddit doesn't like nuance and loves to act like things must always be black and white. Like how the poster above said this isn't on Ole, and started naming Ed's deficiencies as a CEO as if that absolves Ole's poor in game management(and mishandling of our players fitness levels).
I think he did make a couple of key mistakes, should have started Mata over Pereira and made his subs like 15-20 minutes sooner.
Fuck off. Who do you want him to play when everyone else in the first team is injured?
Mata
Doesn't matter that he can run if he constantly running down dead ends to nothing. The amount of times he just ran around the edge of the box into another player was so infuriating.
Pereira and Lindelof looked out of their depth. Matic is just past it. Think James was just exhausted and had no real support from AWB on the flank.\n\nPereira, Lindelof and Matic all need to be replaced.
It is a big deal that an offensive player at a supposedly top side who gets more than enough minutes has less assists than a goalkeeper.
Yeah we all know how bad he's been. I don't see the point in constantly banging on about it. It's not gonna change.
Right, they're on their way to playing one of the best seasons in league history, but sure let's try to talk shit about that. Fucking hell, it pains me that it's the fucking Scousers that are playing like that, but it's just pathetic to pretend it's somehow luck or something...
Dude, they\u2019re 16 points clear of second and with a game in hand.\nThey\u2019re spanking the league right now.
Don't understand the comments and downvotes on Lars, it's obvious to anyone and even a good friend who is a scouser (sadly but I deal with it) doesn't think the football they play is particularly impressive. Everything has lined up perfectly for them - if you watch their games this is obvious. I don't expect their success to continue like Man United's recently did for well over 20 years, as other top teams catch up.
lol behave! We're on course to break the PL record, the other teams are an irrelevance this season.
Unfortunately his performance will get buried away in this defeat. He was running our mid field because Matic didn't have the legs and Periera seemed like as if his mind is not there.
Pereira\u2019s mind was there but he\u2019s just shit.\n\nFred had a good game and was our best player all things considered but was not \u201cphenomenal\u201d imo
Their injury record is so good because of things like this though. \n\nIt was like a switch, 55 mins the intensity died, it's definitely intentional.
I mean you could say De Gea's weak but this isn't your average bloke jumping into him there. \n\nVan Dijk is not only tall and heavy but he's also powerful and athletic. Most people would struggle to boss him in the air.
True Van Dijk is a tank
Just for being a Liverpool fan I wanted to down vote you.....But I didn't . hahahaha
Yeah, you guys are right. Given his height he can't do much at corner kicks but to stay a little back and see what happens
Small club mentality from them, to be expected for a club to win their first ever premier league title.
[removed]
I know.
There are too many idiots in here who really dont seam to understand even this basic statement.
Hurtig their pockets won't get us better players either...
Other teams spend with a better plan in mind rather than our weird scattergun random approach to transfers over the last decade
De Gea and AWB are good enough but don't suit Liverpool's style. Maguire, Pogba and maybe Rashford would start. Fred and Williams would compete for a place in the team. That's 7/11 players that are good enough, not bad if you ask me.
Who would Maguire start over?
De Gea fits the style but isn't better than Alisson. AWB doesn't fit the style and basically just does one thing really well. Maguire hasn't been good enough this season, I mean who was marking VVD? Pogba hasn't been good enough this season to make an argument for him, Rashford is good but would he work well in Liverpool's front 3? I dunno he's more of a selfish player imo and prefers to get the goals himself, the link up play isn't what defines him and you are competing against Mane. Squad player sure but Rashford isn't starting.   \n\n\nFred? C'mon man are you serious? And Williams is competing against Andy Robertson for a place in the team?? Maybe in 2-3 years mate.
I think McTominay would start along with Fabinho and one of Milner and Wijnaldum.
Did i say anything about Liverpool? Obviously all of us want to be at the top but you cant just compare our team to the best in the world rn and therefore call them shit. Arguably there are not many players at all thatd get in to that team because they've got their own system that works very well with the players they have.\n\n\nIn terms of quality we have a few plays imo opinion that do match theirs such as Pogba, Maguire, Rashford and few that come close like Martial and AWB.\n\n\nAlso take into account we're in a rut rn due to the last 7 years of SHITE recruitment. You're whining saying all our players are shit so what do you want us to do go and buy a Sanchez/Di Maria type player and then whine again?
Pogba is better than anything they have in the middle of the park.
Talent wise yes. Work ethic and character though, that's a different story.
I'd take Martial or Rashford over Salah any day
Over the bloke that finished 4th in the ballon d\u2019or... keep em coming.
This. I may not agree with the race part because I honestly don't think we're as scum as the Scousers but he does have to live up to unrealistic expectations and to constantly perform around the midfield he's provided with and to still expect him to not complain is wrong. Also, as great as Keane was, he had great players around him on days where he didn't drop a 10/10. And the bad performance was masked. \n\nIt glaringly obvious in the case of Pogba because on days he doesn't perform, the team collapses. He isn't untouchable and should be treated the same as other players if he plays bad but who do you bench him for? A lot many players don't bother working their socks off because their positions in the team isn't threatened. Shaw did everything today because he knows he'd never start a game ahead of Williams if he plays the way he plays. This is what competition does.
Race plays a factor in all clubs, because they\u2019re always a shit section of each fan base, but one of the reasons I\u2019m a Man U fan is the supportive fan base, and 97% of the fans on here aren\u2019t racist. \n\nAnd that\u2019s an amazing point on how do we hold pogba accountable if there isn\u2019t anybody close to compete. The media is toxic and I don\u2019t think they inspire pogba at all with their criticisms, but OGS is amazing at saying I\u2019m not gonna stand for your shit and benching players. Pogba works hard for the club, but I hope that this abuse doesn\u2019t break him until we get shit like Sanchez where they throw until they\u2019re transferred.
[deleted]
[removed]
I grew up in the 80s and all my loser classmates supported that shitty team because its too easy and unimaginative to support a winning team. I was the exception and after we beat them once in the 80s, the twats ganged up on me and tried to beat me up.  Then we went on that amazing run in the 90s and they all went terribly quiet. I actually lost a couple of close friends who couldn't overcome the fact that we were beating them year after year while they were stuck with the spice boyz. I fucking hate those ass holes now. Every single one of them.
>I grew up in the 80s and all my loser classmates supported that shitty team because its too easy and unimaginative to support a winning team.\n\nMate, you do realize you just described every United supporter growing up in the 90's > 2010 right? That's the vast majority of the clubs supporter base. You just called  millions of United supporters unimaginative losers for picking United as their favorite team when they were kids.
There is no LB in a three man defense
I\u2019ve got cash to burn. Let\u2019s go!
Unfortunately that's not possible. Glazers still control the club. The shares that they own have far more voting rights than all the shares on NYSE combined. So unless they want to sell, nobody can take the club away from them in a hostile takeover
Actually I just looked into it and you\u2019re absolutely right only by 24% of the actual club is available through various exchanges and mutual funds even if you were to gather enough 24% of coarse doesn\u2019t give you anything you would have to convince some of the investors from red football Inc. to sell some of their shares and although they control red football they are not the sole owners of said investment company
Ole will definitely rush him back as he has done before and with other players
I don't think so, I think the players aren't good enough. It's hard to use someone with the quality of Pereira, Lingard, Fred (come on guys he isn't good) effectively.
> Why would you get Championship level players?\n\nWe could more bodies in. Like James.
More bodies won't get us anywhere that we won't get right now. Matic, Jones, Rojo and the like are more bodies, yet they bring nothing good to the table. We lack first team quality players (more specifically, top 6 quality) not more rotation options. James was a long term investment for a squad/potential starter, you should never have more than a handful of those if you want to get anywhere.\n\nNot only is it a bad idea from a footballing pov, but also financially. Championship (and PL) players are insanely overpriced in the current market. Strikers from the Championship are being sold for between 15-20m, which is insane.  We would at best get like 5 players that would barely improve on what we have, while spending huge amounts of money.
Do you really think that we created enough situations? We had like 2 clear goal situations. Liverpool created so much more, the game could have ended 5:0.
They created enough to have scored 4 more as well
Yes and pep finished 3 points of 5th in is first season with increadible backing. Klopp finished 1 point above 5th that season with a better squad then we have now
Pep and Klopp have both shown they have something work backing can you say the same about Ole , also the team Klopp took over was much worse than ours
Not saying Oles perfect as that is the one area other then midfield we really need to improve in but honestly could anyone else do better? Maybe SAF but thats it really
What like when Mou took us 11 points of top 4 by christmas. He's a 'world-class manager'
At least Mourinho knew how to man manage. Knew how to coach set pieces. Knows tactics. Yeah he didn't play good football, but he's STILL been the most successful manager post Ferguson. Your point is moot.\n\nWe're only close to the top 4 because everyone else has been awful too. Don't let that cloud your judgement.
After finishing second with the same team?
He's the boss so ultimately it lies with him
We definitely weren't mate. We were pretty good after they scored, and held on when they were at their most intensive at the start of the second half.\n\nThe reason we were better after 70 minutes is because Liverpool play an incredibly intense pressing game which leave them tired in the end of the match. You could see on TAA for example, he was practially limping after DJ at the end trying to keep him in check.
this is pretty much all wrong, so i\u2019m not sure what to say.
Because Ed
There are good teams of course but that's one competition most teams don't concentrate on so we could take our chances. Inter will get CL anyway through the league and so will Ajax, maybe we also can if we ever capitalise on a Chelsea slipup, even Leicester could drop if don't keep their form.
Ole couldn\u2019t even secure Haaland... Probably one of the only players in the world Ole would have any pulling force for cause of their Molde ties. \n\nOle has to take some blame for the injury list. Some of you defend Ole like your lives depend on it. He\u2019s out his depth and is not the man to take United back to the top. That is guaranteed.
The problem is squad depth. If we had adequate cover for the likes of Rashford he would not have had to play so much. And i dont really care about whether or not Ole is manager. If we sacked him and got another manager in May i would be just as happy.\n\nStill does not change the fact that we have suffered from years of no plan, no direction and horrible investment from the owners/Woody and we are left with a squad that is not fit for purpose.\n\nPersonally i am not a big fan of Poch, but if say Nagelsmann took over next year he would still need a couple of seasons at least to clean up this fucking mess
Do you know who represents Haaland? \n\nDo you know who Haalands Dad is?\n\nYou are out of you depth / mind. That is Guaranteed.
[deleted]
Again, \"if we scored\". I just don't see the point in far fetched hypothetical scenarios when the reality is we were very lucky we were even still in the game by the time they started dropping back, they should have been 2 or 3 goals ahead by the 70th minute.\n\nWe got very lucky and still failed to capitalize on it and even let in another goal.  \n\n\n  \n\n\nAs for progress, after one year of Ole in charge I feel like we've gone backwards, not forward. Some players have progressed while many others have regressed to the point of being nearly useless. Even kids we strongly believed in like Chong and Gomes are on their way out. Tactically we're poor and we've been found out even in the one aspect we were good at, which is playing against stronger teams. This so called long term plan has proved to be a bust and we are less and less of an attractive club to go to, to the point even our best players want to leave. There's some positives in a sea of negatives, and our rivals aren't standing still waiting for us either.\n\n  \n\n\nIt's going to take far more than positivity to bring us back to where we should be at this stage.
Mata was creating things though. It's not really a coincidence that once he was on we were up in their box far more
I fucking hate them but they won the Champions League. I wouldn't say it at old Trafford but I would here because I'm making a logical, reason based argument, which isn't the case if I was there in person.\n\nWhy do you think Fred isn't any good? I think he's been our most consistent, one of our best performers for a couple months now tbh
I would never say that, and no United fan I know would say that, but to each his own.\n\nFred up until a couple months ago was really, really poor - and he was poor for a very long time, not even getting a look in until injuries struck. Every pass went wayward, he would lose the ball every time he received it, couldn't position - overall, awful. Recently he's improved, which is great - as you say he's been a consistent performer for a couple months. My problem comes from the fact that his current performances are the bare minimum we should expect from a central midfielder - fans here are making him out as brilliant, when really he is sorely average. I think it's a sign of our decreasing standards when he receives so much praise.
Yep. Some United forums are toxic at the moment
I haven\u2019t gone on twitter so I don\u2019t know what\u2019s happening on there but I can imagine-desperate attempts to go viral by slamming your own team relentlessly but i was worried on here would be meltdown city as it has been in the past but a large majority of posts I\u2019ve seen are pretty reasonably
Pereira genuinely has the decision-making skills of a cat
I do agree that Ole may not be the right man for the job in the LONG TERM. But the fact that he has cleared a lot of deadwood, promoted youngsters, led us back to playing attack football, and brought back culture to this team (I.e. not glacticos), is commendable to say the least.\n\nLet\u2019s say we replace Ole with Poch now, given the state of the board. Sure we would play better and have better tactical awareness, but will poch succeed and win titles for us? No. Not with this structure. Before we bring in a renowned long term manager, we need a structure in place.
I never understood why Ole get so much credits for clearing deadwood like he were the one signing off outgoing transfers, but the lack of incoming is fully on Ed.
So you think that players like Henderson and wijnaldum were world beaters before they went to Liverpool? Or chamberlain? Lmao. We\u2019re saying 3 players because those are three players in important positions like midfield.
>So you think that players like Henderson and wijnaldum were world beaters before they went to Liverpool? Or chamberlain? Lmao. \n\nWhere the fuck did this come from?
This is also ignoring the many chances Liverpool had and missed against us. It's all well and good having positivity, but I'm sick of hearing/reading the word \"rebuild\" every single season.
We created 2 good chances. Liverpool could have had 4 or 5 themselves. We were lucky to only lose by 2 all things considered.
And if they took their chances, it could have been 6-0. Bit of a nonsense statement...
You obviously don't get football.
Expected goals according to [Opta?](https://twitter.com/Caley_graphics/status/1218964798546771968) was 2.3-1.4 and according to [understat](https://understat.com/match/11865) was 2.01-1.42\n\nWhatever you think of expected goals stat, Liverpool were never scoring 6 unless they started finishing like [bayern did at white hart lane earlier this season](https://twitter.com/caley_graphics/status/1179142264267902976?lang=en)
So we weren't expected to win either which makes the original point....moot.
What chances did they miss? Salah missed an open net but I cannot remember any other good opportunities they created
Both out, clear the whole back room out and rebuild it properly from scratch.
Yea, sorry. Wasn\u2019t saying Ole out *instead.* Also Ed.
Which ones? The ones on crutches or the one with a knackered back?
Excuse me? \n\nMaybe the one who\u2019s gotten 3 assists in his last two games, and the one who\u2019s almost to double digits as an 18yr old?
I don't think we have the squad depth to do those things.
Fuck mate, dig me deeper.
Sorry man. Poor playing squad is just the tip of the iceberg i'm afraid
Exactly. OGS didn't do his research if he didn't know that all set pieces are mostly targeted to VVD for a reason.
It's a fucking beast vs a man. Who do you think will win?
Liverpool winning the league and a calm post match thread after a loss... Weird times
I'm not saying you're wrong, but damn, man, why such negativity? If we got Fernandes, his skillset might help with consistency against smaller team. One of our youngsters could fill in for one of our injured players and be a revelation.\n\nI'm not saying either is likely, but what's the point in supporting a football club if you can only see the negatives? We're 5th in the Premier League, I'm sure there are dozens of clubs that would like to be in our shoes. Sure, we're used to being first, but that never was a given, and some years with no titles but still some trophies is hardly the end of the world.
we\u2019re 5th because everyone is shit. This is actually our worst\nseason in 30 years
Negativity is reality to you people, I'm sorry. \n\nIF we get Fernandes, yes that's a big if considering it seems that United don't even have the money for him when you look at the financial accounts. \n\nAlmost every player we've signed has failed and just because he's bossing a shit league doesn't mean he'll do it in England with a totally dysfunctional United team. \n\nAm I supposed to delude myself or something? The club is in a desperately bad situation and it'll get a lot worse if action isn't taken, if you want to stand by and applaud the destruction of the club, then fine. I can take not getting any trophies, the issue is that the team and club isn't improving, it's the same people making that same mistakes over and over again.
We could have beaten them and I believe we would have with Marcus, Paul and Scott. They were missing chances and allowed us to have some. Very similar to PSG last year, where they were throwing away chances and suddenly they lost. It could have been the same today, but Tony missed his big chance and Pereira was dreadful in the attacking positions.
I 100% agree. We definitely could've walked away with a point today just have to put those chances away.
Bit naughty that the others were trying to bait them into saying something that would be plastered all over the headlines
Someone needs to say it that\u2019s associated with United, imagine if Neville was in that room for that conversation. It would have been very interesting...
He was offered a contract late in the day. He said others were negotiating contracts a year in advance and nobody ever talked to him about his. He felt insulted and rightfully so.
He was offered a new contract before the end of 2017/18, more than a year before his contract expired. He didn\u2019t sign it and chose to wait until he could negotiate with other clubs
I agree we are woefully short of competing against Liverpool personnel wise. \n\nOutcoached as in, Klopp has a style a tactic he's implemented since day 1, they \"play their way\" regardless of opposition, our whole strategy and style of play (if it can be called that) is far weaker, sit back and counter is weak, it's reactionary by nature. Our formation is poor, we don't have a 10 capable of starting for Manchester United, yet insist on a formation heavily reliant on one. \nDidn't make any subs till far too late.\nOnly properly started chasing a game we were losing around the 85th minute.\n\n\nRemember United of old how regularly a team would score against us once and it was as if they'd pissed off a sleeping giant we would instantly go after them, and typically to great result. That wasn't a \"we had great players\" or \"we had a great coach\" (despite having both), it was a mentality, it was \"the United way\". If we'd done that today and gotten battered anyway we could all feel better because fuck it we did it our way, we fought with aggression and offense, but we don't, we sit back and hope for a break off of the opponent's play, it's very weak.
Fair points. Our team has lost its identity since SAF left and now our most consistent identity has been players getting overpaid due to gross mismanagement. I do see a hunger and fire from a lot of the players that are left. Let's not forget klopp had a few windows (and even before he arrived they were tailoring the team for him) to really stamp his imprint on the team. I hope our manager gets to do the same. But my gosh I hope the manager to do it is Ole.
Ole's project isn't to solely give youth a chance though. It's well documented that he was promised more players and the board haven't delivered. We need someone actually competent at negotiations and player recruitment. Imagine if we had a solid No 10, another CB and a RW. We'd be in half decent shape but no one here can say that they trust Woodward to get anything done.
Have you seen some of the shit Dybala has done this year? Fucking imagine if we had him or someone on that level instead of Pereira/Lingard, then also imagine a healthy Pogba in midfield along side Fred or Scotty being the workhorse. Then imagine being able to sub Haaland in for Martial when we need something extra
For a brief moment it could have been, however that chance came in the 2nd half, could have/should have been 3,4-0 by then anyway and then he probably would have put it away
Could have been, but wasn't.  And despite the end result, Liverpool were on their back heels for a lot of the 2nd half.  Its hard to remember after a loss, but there still is just one team that has taken points from the scousers this season.  They do not become an easy opponent just because we hate losing to them, especially when they can field their best 11 while our most important players are injured..
Every minute of 95% of games since 1994
Then you should know we didnt get smoked like you said. \n\nIf Pereira converted that far post chance and martial finished the volley the game would had been 2-2. \n\nIts an away game vs Liverpool. Our squad was depleted.
Meanwhile Ed boasts another year of record profits. We could be bringing in 10-15 players a year like we used to. Since around 2015 only single digit ins and outs. Terrible.
>As good as he is, he wouldn't start in any of SAF's teams\n\nHe started Anderson a lot, behave.
And the Fortune, Djemba Djemba, Bellion, so yeah I stand corrected.
That too, but he has genuinely improved his game and formed a good partnership with McTominay.
Yeah I agree, martials espcicially
Missing our best players, including our top scorer and we conceded a corner and a goal right at the end against a freescoring team that are champions of Europe, are going to win the pl and have arguably the best front 3 in Europe.\n\nBut sorry for looking at the positives mate, we should all just blindly spam criticism and insult our own team.
Hey you, intelligent fan commentaries aren't welcome in the Ol\u00e9 is inept bandwagon!!\nWe should all get mad and throw stuff around like maniacs! Because WE ARE MANCHESTER UNITED WE SHOULD WIN EVERYTHING IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW BADLY OUR TEAM IS RIGHT NOW!\n\n/s just in case.
I think the score line reflects Liverpool\u2019s fixture congestion and awareness that United aren\u2019t good at coming back after conceding first. In nine games this season United have allowed the first goal - W1 D3 L5 - so I\u2019m pretty sure Liverpool\u2019s directions were, \u201cGo out, get a goal, then relax.\u201d
Where did I say it was enough? I said that the fight along with Fred being the best player on the park left me feeling relatively positive. I didn't even mention the fact that we had a good couple of chances to equalise that on another day we might've taken.\n\nBut yeah project all you want, yes I don't feel too angry that we gave the team that has beaten every other team in the league a good game while missing 3 of our best players.
Liverpool absolutely destroyed United in the first half and should have been at least 3-0 up. The default at United is that you should go out and fight, you're expected to go out and die for the shirt, it only shows how far the club has fallen that we're happy to see this... And if you can't fight against Liverpool, well then you shouldn't be playing for United. \n\nI have to ask, where was the fight against Sheffield when Ole said they wanted it more? This just means nothing for me because I know that next week they could easily go out and play like that again. Once again, the default at United is that you should give your opposition a good game if you're gonna lose, but there's no reason to suggest that we'll get this consistently week in and week out from these players moving forward so I just fail to see your point, we didn't lay down and die? With United at the moment, I guess that's some sort of consolation.
Accurate AF \ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffd\ud83d\ude0c
Someone with good tactics would've had VVD man marked in every set piece by Maguire, not have us set up in a zone like a bunch of 12 year olds.
\"someone with good tactics\"\nhttps://www.skysports.com/football/news/11678/9618105/zonal-v-man-marking-jamie-carragher-and-gary-neville-on-why-both-can-work-perfectly\neducate yourself
I mean we objectively were. There were periods of the game we controlled and had Liverpool on the ropes, that's a simple fact.
We had two decent chances that were fluffed by Pereira and Martial, at no point did we have them 'on the ropes'. The performance was pathetic and not up to the standard we should expect. You are really flattering this embarrassing performance when you make a post like you did, we were much, much closer to getting battered 5-0 than drawing given the periods where Liverpool were just missing chance after chance after chance.\n\nFans of small clubs say stuff like 'oh it could have been 5-0 to them, but we could have drawn!' not United fans...
I agree, he's overrated for sure. He didn't even have a good game today.\nI could feel the equalizer coming in the last 25 minutes, and that goal just felt like a knife to my heart.
The tides will change bro, matter of time. Gotta stick with our players atm cuz the board & Ed are so full of shit.
We didn\u2019t watch the same game clearly.
You can see all the Scouse cunts crawling out of the woodwork.
Sack woodward or remove him from the footballing side of things, sack Judge and get someone who can get transfers done, sack the medical and fitness teams as well cause its supposed to be their jobs to advice the manager and then maybe sack Ol\u00e8 if we still don\u2019t get results
Then we need new forwards if they aren't getting the message. Rashford and Martial are best when out on the wings and being able to run at their man and get into the box.\n\nWe need a Ruud/Yorke/Cole type of player who knows how to play between the posts and understands how to play between the posts.
Tbf Rashford has started making these runs regularly lately.
That\u2019s hard to say. With the talent in SAFs squad, Clev and Gibson looked like world beaters at times. I think Fred and Ando have a lot of similarities
You brought up a great point. But UTD has always had problems integrating brazilians in our squad. Must be something in the water or the way we're set up.
thanks my man! I appreciate you taking the time to answer!
We missed some very easy chances as well, every team in the league has dropped points against them.
I don\u2019t think I\u2019m delusional. That\u2019s what I think, I think he\u2019s actually doing a far better job than we give credit for. Yes it\u2019s shit but it\u2019s because the club\u2019s state is awful, he is rebuilding it but not being backed enough. Touching distance of the top four with a squad that is falling apart, and more importantly he is keeping the club sane and focused which is the opposite of the Mourinho days downfall.
Out of every manager in world football you think Ole is the one capable of doing the best job in our current situation? I am open to have my mind changed but I can't see how anyone could ever argue that.  \nThis games scoreline flatters us. They could've and should've demolished us.  \n\n\nTouching distance of the top four in a league where every big team outside of liverpool  is underperforming and looking quite poor.   \nLook I'm not going to pretend like we have an amazing squad, because we dont. But if anything this year was a year where we could've gotten away with it and made top 4.  Chelsea are a mess, lost their star player, changed manager and are above us.   \n\n\nHow can you even say the club is sane? We're rapidly falling in most aspects and no one in the club including Ole seems to be particularly worried.   \n\n\nMaybe I'm being overly negative but we're playing shit, uninspired football and we have been doing that pretty consistently for years.
[deleted]
Again man to man liverpool would outclass us every day of the week. Zonal is better we just don't execute it well
[deleted]
Wow raid? The fact that your head goes to that and not the fact that comment was 100% wrong shows your IQ. Keep trying though one day you may get out of your moms basement.
Plus rehab which will take another couple of weeks, which possibly makes it 8-9 weeks, and that's basically the season done.
What? Even if he takes 2 months to come back he'll be ready by April. The season ends in mid May, so he has quite a bit of time to make an impact, especially with European spots to play for.
I think he got a yellow
Yeah but the players are just one aspect of a failed transfer policy. There is no long term planning, there is clearly no communication between scouting and management, there is no one, who knows how to lead a club, it's all about cash grabs and hopefully fans will pay up. At a club with this financial abilities you should have for every squad member a plan A, plan B and plan C. Problem is we have a Frankenstein squad, thanks to 4 managers with completely different views on footbal and no one, who can sort out this mess. As long as Woodward is in charge of transfers, I don't see a way to progress.
He's remarkably unremarkable. It's time to clean house and he's a part of that cleaning in the summer i think.
yeah you are right we need to clean out more players but then we also need players in, we havent replaced Lukaku and sanchez yet which is crazy.. I agree that we had to get rid of them but replace them for fuck sake
Should have been rested for one of those games, then. The fixture list isn't a secret.
That requires managerial skills though
Underrated comment
Have to agree here. I think Ole had to pick between the lesser of two evils with the starting lineup. He knew we\u2019d have less possession so he was probably hoping it\u2019d be a 1-goal game about 60-70 minutes in before turning to Mata. My only complaint would be that he could\u2019ve put Mata in like 5-10 minutes earlier to give him more time, but you couldn\u2019t expect Mata to play a ton of defense against a fast, pressing team from start to finish.
I mean the man covered 70 yards to reach an own goal recently
Oh God.  Here we go again
That's what his only contribution is in thd game. Running back hopelessly to try win back the ball after he's lost the ball again for the 11th time in one half.
And also put Martial on, and inches away from scoring from a cross. He wasn't that bad.
I can run around a lot too. Gimme 100k a week pls.
Failure.
Every other team in the league has failed against liverpool.
But No Success.
> Also why does Ole wait till the 75th minute to make subs every fucking game?\n\nHe has subbed at 60 minutes in other games, relax. We looked as good minutes 55 to 75 as the last 15 minutes.
Mata clearly made a massive difference. How would another 15 min of him instead of Pereira not have helped?
Okay.  Bring him on in the 50th or 60th minute.  Watching Pereira stumble about for 75 minutes granted us nothing
Lmao losing the ball almost in the other teams box (ignoring that he won it back immediately) isn\u2019t a dangerous position.\n\nAlso, pereira gives the ball away far, far more frequently
[deleted]
Kill me
Just play Mata, he could handle 60-70 min :)
Apparently ole thinks he couldn't last 20 mins though, he brought him on at 70 mins if I'm not mistaken? Even when Pereira is absolute dog shit
Wolves are gonna tell us to fuck right off. No wat they sell their goal scorer this winter
Yeah wishful thinking perhaps. Who do we go for?
Tipping point for the fans. Until now there has been no united front against the Glazers, any calls for boycotts have been shouted down by top reds who bought into the narrative that we're moving in the right direction.\n\nI wonder how many of them are left after today.
Would you rather have Lingard play?
Could have sold Pereira at the start of the season. Ole can be ruthless if he wants, look how quickly Fellaini and Lukaku were let go.\n\nThe decision to trust Pereira and give him chances is 100% down to Ole. Deciding on a 4231 with effectively zero CAMs is also down to Ole.\n\nEnough with the excuses, Woodward this, Lingard that. Ole shouldn't be blamed for the state of the club but he should take some flak for his own decisions.
While I agree there is going to be pressure to get it over the line since we can't apparently multi-task in signing players
I just don't understand that at all. It can't be true? If we seriously cannot multi-task, we're fucked. There's no way around it, you don't have to be a genius to know that you have to build relationships with numerous players to use them as leverage.
Agreed
Haha.. Not a new fan but taking pleasure in whatever little shred of light I can find in this hell hole of a situation we find ourselves as a club
We did get rid of  \"The Poisoned One\" last year.
I agree with a lot of what you said. I think an overlooked part of the \u201cgive him time\u201d paradigm is that if results continue to be as bad as they\u2019ve been, talented players who are capable of improving United will probably have a second thought before agreeing to join. Why would you want to come to this club right now unless you were a die-hard fan? Money is one answer, but then you\u2019re back in the boat of only being able to attract players who are in it for the money, something which I appreciate Evra pointing out in his thoughts after the match. A lot of people are saying you have to give Ole time to bring in his players, but has he shown the ability to coach up any of the players we\u2019ve already got? It seems like at this point, the kind of manager we need is going to have to be able to make players better - something which Poch, at least, has shown an ability to do. From the outside looking in, if you\u2019re a young player, at least you can say to yourself, \u201cPochettino? Kane, Ali, Son - he made them better players.\u201d
Pereira was behind AWB when the pass was made, how was he offside? And the foul by Gomez before the first goal wasn't picked up by VAR. Plus the ref completely lost control of the game in terms of fouls by pool players.
AWB was offside. \n\nThat \u201cfoul\u201d is just people searching for excuses for a performance where we got battered by our rivals who are miles better than us rn. That *never* gets given. You\u2019d be livid if it got given against Maguire for example. \n\nWe were worse for fouling than them, take your Rose-tinted glasses off. Matic was lucky not to be sent off and we kept giving away stupid fouls in dangerous areas.
So what? We missed chances too
Whoopety fucking doo, the problem is they were still a lot closer to scoring more goals than we were from scoring our first.
Tbh didn\u2019t even think of that. Doubt he\u2019d be too happy leaving Inter who are challenging for the league and where he\u2019s probably happier, to come back to United and battle for 5th. Although we\u2019d be paying him 350k+ a week so he shouldn\u2019t complain too much lol
When did I say be content with it? I said if we don\u2019t sign another winger/striker. And with Rashford out, James and Chong are our only proper wingers, Chong is shit, Greenwood who will fill in both isn\u2019t a winger and is our back up striker. We can\u2019t have him play every single game which he might have to. At least Alexis is another option who can play on the wing or upfront. Winger is probably our most needed position along with number 10 while Rashford is out
Aparently we now have dalot and Williams to go forward as 'wingers'\n\nI prefer them any day.
He had a good game too, bosses the midfield easily on his own but there were some chances that he missed in the final third. Nevertheless, we definitely need to see players coming in this transfer. Even if they are short-term loans.
His legs? He's not pushing forty, and had he have started, united would have been more forward
He can\u2019t last the full 90 in a game like that, hell even AWB was gassed and that guy can run forever. Do wish maybe we brought him on earlier though.
[removed]
If we werent playing a back 3 then Wan Bissaka was probably our worst player today, nowhere Mane all game, jogging back from the halfway line while their players are approaching our box every time.
Maybe I misjudged it, and it was a 3-5-2 and tbf Lindelof took some throws, so you might be right.\n\nJames was playing RW and was tracking back, so I didn't think of a 3-5-2, but I was kind of in the zone so I might have missed some tactics.
What is delusional is saying Ole out when the man is playing an XI worse than Wolves player to player. I really feel sorry for Ole, if he had any decent management above him we'd all be discussing how he's improved Rashford, Martial, Fred etc.
I\u2019m not Ole out. I\u2019m Ed out.
Just because you don't understand football doesn't mean he hasn't got a philosophy. \n\nThe difference was Mourinho tried to get us results when he should have been developing a style of play, he didn't realise he wouldn't be backed.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 What stole of play had Ole evolved? 27% winrate. 17% If u remove the million penalties we\u2019ve been given and nothing looks close to be better.  But yes, YOU understand football. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Everything is black and white for you people isnt it?
Faaaaaaxxxxxxx
Lindelof doesn't have a single outstanding attribute. Not one. He's as average as they come.
Can't stand this myth that Chelsea play attractive football. They don't and people seem to think so just because they went on a good run of winning like 6 games in a row scoring a lot of goals, especially away from home. You're also spot on about their squad being better than ours and have suffered a lot less from injuries. \n\nPeople also claim they play with youngsters, especially Abraham. A lot of people do not realize that Tammy is the same age as Rashford, we don't exactly go around calling Rashford one of our youngsters do we? He's had loans at Swansea and Villa which has developed him a lot. Same goes for Mason Mount, a loan spell at Vitesse and even Derby last year with Frank. Our youngsters such as Greenwood and Williams have been thrown into the deep end and are doing very well for themselves which is way more impressive than what Frank is doing with his IMO.
He's 22 and has a lot of PL minutes under his belt now and he became a first team squad member in 2016, he's far from being a prospect in all honesty. Going forward he'll probably be just a squad option off the bench if United get better quality in his position. Someone like Sancho for instance who is three years younger would bench him most games
Yes you can, because he cant pass, dribble, cross or do anything except run fast
How can I not criticize his lack of end product? He's also the worst dribbler in the league. If Pereira and others who are not performing consistently are fair game then why should James be protected when he gets more minutes?
I just think that such criticism is poorly placed. We're not gonna achieve anything from it. If a player is not trying then that's fair, but it's clear he's got the right intentions and we shouldn't perpetuate negativity towards him. \n\nI was continually angry at Lukakus attention seeking antics, Matic's lack of willingness to move and Jones' poor defending last season. But this crop of players are trying and they need the backing from us. \n\nOur negativity should go towards the board and the Executive Vice Chairman.
He wasn't bought to be a starter, more like a speedster you throw on at the 60th minute to stretch tired defenses, just our abysmal squad depth meant that we have to play him as a starter
He definitely does. Why do you think he\u2019s hired Neil Ashton.
They will. But he\u2019ll think it\u2019s enough. I wouldn\u2019t even be surprised if we\u2019ve held off the Bruno signing so that we can do this after a Liverpool loss.
Okay well there\u2019s an obvious reason to that. Why do you think Mata starts against the mid-table teams or when we are at home sometimes against the bigger clubs? Mata doesn\u2019t have the legs Andreas has at all. Maybe years ago he did but not anymore. In a game where we wouldn\u2019t have the ball that much and need players to press and run for 70 minutes, that\u2019s why Andreas plays. Also why Lingard played over Mata those games as well
Everyone says that Mata doesn\u2019t have the legs anymore. Fine enough, I don\u2019t agree with that. What he does have is the one key pass that is needed in these games.
If rashford were fit we would have mata in the game for sure.\n\nIn terms of tactics I think that\u2019s the reason we played Williams and Shaw, because with rashford you would get similar tenacity, but he wouldn\u2019t allow TAA to push on as much. Mata would help balance out the midfield which I think was our weak point despite Fred playing well. \n\nAll of this is basically assuming a bunch of stuff, extrapolated from our increase in ability to keep possession (which lacked heavily today).
Andreas? He had a couple of good chances created. Again, I don\u2019t know what you expect. If you\u2019re expecting him to be KDB you need to readjust your expectations.
I think Ole would easily excuse Rashford for having a broken back. I don't see anyone here blaming him for not bringing an injured player.
Lol he was trying things to give us the break through and was responsible for creating 2 of our best chances
I\u2019m not saying he played poorly, however is passing was pretty bad today though. But yes he will need to definitely step up with Marcus out.
Fred for me as well
Meaning chelsea need 26 points in 15 games...
Yeah that's fine, although \"need\" is a far different prospect than \"get\"
Are you illiterate, I wrote some?
> shows how much standards have fallen around here...\n\nfucking deal with it then or stop supporting
Lol, fuck off.\n\nBeing a supporter doesn't mean you should take any shit the club serves you. It also means telling the people who are running it into the ground to get the fuck out instead of pretending everything is fine and living in la-la land.
Yes, we should deal with parasites destroying the club that means so much to all of us, we should just deal with that because, why? \n\nThere is no excuse for why Manchester United are in this mess and it is the fault of Ole and the morons above him that we are looking at the worst United side post SAF.
Our first shot on target in the first half came at like the 40th minute. Every time they attacked it looked like they were going to score. We were lucky not to concede a couple right at the start of the second half (like Henderson's shot against the post).\n\nI'm suprised people can look at this game and say we \"challenged them\". Honestly, we challenged them just as much as teams like Palace did.
Exactly. At no point in the game did we look more likely than them to score the next goal...
>If it wasn't for VAR\n\nYou mean if it wasn't for the correct call lol
I understand you, but I feel like the game was a lot more even than it could have been. I was pissed when I was watching it like so I may have seen things differently hahaha
lemme guess. middle aged man who was told that complementing liverpool was the worst thing you could ever do by his dad
No, not even close. You're welcome to go complement Liverpool, it just makes you a mug of a United fan.
Cos they are you fucking fool
Lol
I agree, and he obviously love playing for us. The reason I didn\u2019t name him in the first batch of names, is because I see Henderson taking his spot in 2-3 seasons. I love De Gea, and wish him to stay - but when we return to our old standards, I think De Gea will be replaced.
Call the hangman, most worthless man in fotball. I rate the fat Italian agent higher than Ed McScrooge
Shirt pull, should have done it earlier
There is negative and there is too negative. People need to control their expectations. This is a team which has beaten every team in the league. And we did not have our 3 best players in the team today.
Yeah, fair enough. Hard to be clear headed at the moment.
Thought Matic did very well getting the ball forward to the attackers, shielding the ball from their press and keeping some sort of possession. Thought Pereira was poor except that one 1-2 with Martial.
Hmm, dunno. I think he's more sideways crab ball and breaking up attacks. I am emotional at the moment so might not be thinking straight though! Yeah, Pereira was just nothing.
Yes with 3-4 of those clear chances coming from the first 10 minutes of the 2nd half. I have my opinion, you can have yours.
The Firmino goal that should have stood, the Wijnaldum goal that could have stood if the linesman hadn\u2019t flagged...
You don't know what you are talking about. Man to man with William marking Virgil ?\nLaughable
With what service
Can I borrow your crystal ball so I can see the lottery numbers for tonight?
Young rarely played and he got the armband this year. On the field I think it could go to Fred or Pogba as you said. But who knows if he even wants it. I just don't think that Maguire is the man for the job. There has to be someone else to step up or take the position
Yeah, Fred possibly, but from what I recall his English is really poor. He\u2019s still learning it but some people find languages a lot harder than others and I\u2019m sure he\u2019s far from fluent
Bring on exactly who he did bring on but early\n\nOr just start greenwood and/or mata
Greenwood is a clinical finisher, but he's not going to help with the build up. Mata struggles with the pace. We'd have a player who won't track back and a player who can't. Would've ended 4-0.
He consistently subs late
I\u2019d say it\u2019s pretty inconsistent, when was the last time he made his first sub in the 75th minute?
I\u2019d say De Gea isn\u2019t a manager
Just cuz you don't have Pogba behind doesn't mean you just give up. You gotta believe in all your teammates. Fred and Matic played their best. So many time they had to bring ball back cuz no one infront them was moving and creating space.
Oh I\u2019m mainly shitting on Pereira, who was awful. Fred did well and grew into the game well and most importantly showed heart. Matic clearly has lost a step but he wasn\u2019t a liability, which is all I can we can ask for until McTominay is back.
And some of the most poor decision making I've seen in my life.
Strange times when being close to Newcastle United under Steve Bruce is considered positive. Absolute imbeciles who think our squad even with injuries is close to the likes of Newcastle, Sheffield and Crystal Palace.
Yeah no. We need the revenue. Not being in Europe would be absolutely horrible for us. Nobody decent would want to join. We'd have to game bargain hunting in the Championship.
The quality of players we need wouldn\u2019t be swayed by Europa though, unless we massively increase our squad we can\u2019t cope with 4 comps and Thursday/Sunday schedule for large parts of the season.
Our midfield is one injury away from starting play levitt or garner.
We only have two midfielders injured. The issue is the poor squad, not the injuries.
Imo anyone who thinks that this Utd team can beat that Liverpool team is completely delusional, despite any tactics
5 3 2 was a perfect counter for Liverpool system and we created some decent chances ourselves..
Id rather see us take it to them than roll over and die, shoot me, but who cares about the downvotes, it's a stupid fucking app anyways, im here to support and look at memes
Soon meaning in relatively short time
I dunno what they see in Jose man.Ole might not be the answer but after 2 seasons,Jose wasn't as well
I\u2019d partially agree with both points:\n\n-\tPogba is a problem at United. Between having an eye elsewhere and then not consistently performing. He is a phenomenal player but more is required from him, his best position for us is further forward as he showed when Ole first took over. When he has played this season he has been played too deep to properly utilise his strengths. He also needs to either commit to United or leave. Enough of this bullshit!\n-\tMourinho needed more backing, he was woefully backed towards the end of his tenure but at the very end he lost the dressing room and needed to go. We saw when Ole first took over what kind if squad we actually had when it was fit and firing and everyone was played in the correct position.
I wasn\u2019t expecting anything out of this match but I really am pleased with how we played. We have to take our chances when playing a team like Liverpool and we didn\u2019t. Tremendous strides are being made on the pitch though and it\u2019s shown the last two months.
Absolutely. Managers need time and progress is there to see, the future looks bright but we desperately need to push on and add quality starting with Bruno. We have to get him.
What else do we have to offer then?
Lol. I\u2019m not saying we deserved a win, I\u2019m saying we could\u2019ve come away with a win, because we had the big chances. Thanks for the smartass comment though. Well done. And fwiw I don\u2019t see you disagreeing with anything with an ounce of logic.
And ignore Liverpool's chances? We could have scored 3. They could have scored 6. We were completely outmatched, people here focus on the last 20 minutes but are completely ignoring the first 70 minutes. Those first 10 minutes of the second half were horrific, they had us under seige.
I could make the case for three new players JUST in midfield, let alone for the whole team
No point getting rid of deadwood if you don\u2019t replace any of them though
It's a weird one because I agree with the majority of what you said. However Poch is clearly a higher calibre of manager than Ole at this moment in time, but what he did with Levy at Spurs was incredible and is comparable to what we need.\n\nThe board aren't going to go, I wish they were, but they won't. Woodward isn't going to go, I wish he was, but he isn't. So maybe Poch is the best we're going to get? I don't know the answers, but I just don't see the passion there from Ole lately and it makes me worry
Fair points. I'll admit I am a fan of Ole from the old days, and I'm Norwegian, so I'm probably biased. If he had failed with a good team, and with proper backing, it'd be a clear case of incompetence, but in the situation we're in now, I feel it'd be pointless to replace him. He seems to have a solid plan going forward, he clearly has a positive connection with the squad and staff, and I think making changes to the managing staff of MUFC at this point would simply perpetuate the slump; we'd be forever stuck in a mode of rebuilding without the patience to see it through. A part of the fanbase seem to want the managers head whenever the teams performance is below expecations.\n\nBut I agree with you. Thanks for a good post. :)
Why not?
You\u2019re missing Ole\u2019s response to RvP
Thats cause they sold Coutinho for 140 odd million...I don't think we sold anyone for that kind of money since Ronaldo...
Actually I rechecked and you are right, still low for a club that needed a complete rebuild...we are playing with a barebones squad right now, if we didn\u2019t have Rashy and Greenwood we would be even worse off...
We're playing with barebones because of the quality of the players we've brought in, or their suitability, or how they've been treated. Di Maria, Mkhitaryan, and Memphis - all players bought for a wedge and then moved on the next season. At a loss. We can't keep spending money on players that don't work out. Rather than saying \"we should have spent more\", we should be saying \"we should have spent more wisely\".
It\u2019s incredible how far behind we have fallen in the last 7 years. We definitely need to spend more but we have been unlucky with injuries to key players this season.
Only if the player doesn\u2019t touch the ball, yea? Never seen it when the offside player actually interferes
Ball still ended up in Allison's hands, that's why they let it go. If Mata gets a bigger touch on the ball they blow it dead. Don't think it has too much to do with if the ball is touched or not, rather the outcome of the touch.
Never seen it before is all I\u2019m saying
Probably just haven't registered it. It happens to every team every season. Usually when the ball bounces into the keepers hands or something like that.
Because no team has the ability to do all of those perfectly. This United team if anything can beat them. And we should have. \n\nHad Rashford been fit, Pogba, McT. We definitely would have managed a draw at the very least.
i mean.. just win right? aint that hard.
What makes you think other managers need much effort to outwit Klopp tactically? He plays the same way most of the time. Teams just need to find the same formula to beat him.\n\nGuardiola's team have become lousy once they lost Laporte. They become defeatable.\n\nAll it takes is for VVD Salah and Mane to be injured and Liverpool are in deep shit
Nice sarcasm there. I'm no tactician here. But it just shows that we were not hungry for the win. \n\nLook how Liverpool defeated Man City 4-3 to deny them the Invicibles title. If a team can play with such fortitude, resilience and tenacity against Liverpool, they can do the same thing. \n\nQuality as well. No team has quality to challenge Liverpool right now. Or the mentality is not right.\n\nIt would really take something special to beat Klopp's Liverpool.
I thought so too. We are staring to show a little\nbit more synergy. I have said a few time\u2019s I think we are 2-3 players away from being a decent passing side, but the one player I think we really need is a play maker type, to slow/quicken things up/down and take advantage of that movement.
This patchy squad lacks of depth in at least 5 position and the best player betrayed us. It's not Ole's fault
Yeah we have been fucking cursed this season. Everytime when there were momentums to build we lost a player. Not to mention the shitty board who always \" but we are still rich\" . Fuck this, fuck them and fuck the scousers.
> the best player betrayed us\n\nIf you're talking about Pogba here then you are clueless.
Poch didnt win shit with Tot. Idk why people want him so bad . Only a year with no trophy our so called fans will probably kill anyone who is in charged of us.
And you think Ole will win shit even though he's backed? Gime a break. He's tactics are not good enough and so is the coaching staff. We need someone who is a tactical genius and Ole is not.
No. We have to keep demanding the best coaches and players. It starts with getting Poch in who is a better manager than Ole.
I mean nobody is excited for that reason and you know it\n\npeople want to see what solskjaer can do with a proper midfield and some squad depth
More like outperforming him for the past 3 months
Rashford is represented by his brother. His brother discussed him being co-represented by Riola but ended up not doing that.
That's a relief.
Pretty sure most of the people here will think you are the delusional one.
If that\u2019s the case then there are a lot of uninformed people here. Probably wise not to speak for other people. That\u2019s just dumb to think Ole would risk a player\u2019s career out of hand.
How long do you expect dr?
2 months atleast, but without knowing its severity or history, can't exactly guess. But shouldn't be rushed or can worsen. \n\nAnd if he was already playing with a stress fracture, he was playing in hell lotta pain, now its 2 as per reports.
Lol at \u201creal doctor\u201d. But good insight. My 2\u00a2 is to ease him in or rest him for the remainder of the season, once fully healthy. If the medical staff even know what that is. \n\nI doubt we\u2019ll be playing for anything in May. That hurt writing that..
Wishing someone's death is not okay but yeah I feel it's okay now
 Not wishing death on anybody, he has deserved his critical though
It's supposed to be used for comments that don't contribute to discussion.
\" \n\n**BE CIVIL**\n\nIt  has been mentioned, but the toxicity and abuse towards the sub, within  the sub, and towards other subs has been too high. We as moderators have  our share of blame in this, but we want to stress that this kind of  behavior is not acceptable and we are taking these measures primarily to  avoid these things. We want [r/reddevils](https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/)  to be a place where anyone and everyone is welcome to discuss and enjoy  the best club on earth without fear of abuse or ridicule.\n\nWhich  leads us to 2 other small reminders. The report button is your friend,  we are way more likely to find and remove and/or ban rule breaking  comments if you report them. The downvote button is not a \"I disagree or  don't like your statement button\", better discussion is generally had  by using the upvote button more liberally and avoiding the downvote one  whenever possible.\"
Reporting spam. Not for disagreements.
How is that any different that saying we should have been 4-0 up against City last month?
That reply was really irrelevant.  Why the the comparison?\n\nObviously the same level of inaccuracy but not a statement which is supporting our rivals.
Why is it a silly statement? The sub is reaching for excuses when we just weren't good enough. It's the truth.\n\nWatch this game on MOTD and count how many clear cut chances were either overruled or missed by a lack of luck from Liverpool's perspective.\n\nI can assure you I'm not a fucking scouse fan. I just don't lul myself into a false sense of entitlement and just accept that we weren't good enough.
>I just don't lul myself into a false sense of entitlement \n\nThinking that Liverpool shouldn't have been 5-0 up isn't having a sense of entitlement.  It is having a sense of reality.  Thinking that people with that sense of reality are entitled is outright toxic and deluded.\n\nA rational person can see that we are worse than them and that the club and team need many changes all without being toxic and accepting that some things went well or ok given the circumstance.\n\nEntitled people expect to win and throw their toys out of them pram when we don't.
The problem is much deeper than Ole, or any manager. We could sack Ole for Poch, and #PochOut would be trending on Twitter in a year or two. \n\nThe owners are content with United's current ability. Gotta remove the disease to stop it spreading to new managers.
I was just saying, the Ole fans love to downvote and not say a word coz they can't really defend themselves.  \n\nRegarding what you just said, ofc I agree, our club is rotten from top to bottom. I just don't want a manager that can't work out a proper gameplan for his players.
Line up for this match shows the focus seem to be more about speed to create chances. Too bad we couldn't grab the 2 clear cut ones. \n\nMata is best for low block defensive teams. Being a sub in this match is fine for Mata when the opposition slows down after getting tired for a bit. Though maybe it should have been earlier for this match.
Liverpool haven't even be that great this season, ironically. They were a lot more dominant last season but this season they just can't seem to lose even if they have average performances.
Oof that's scary because I thought they were class....
lol all the immature children in this sub downvoting you. It's ok to think the best team in Europe is good.
You sure you\u2019re in the right subreddit mate?\ud83e\udd23
I'll give a nod towards my PMT (Post Match Tension), he's scored harder ones this season with neater finishes. \n\nNot being experienced on volleys isn't something I'd really forgive a United striker for though, and the ball wasn't exactly dropping out of the sky for him to hit first time under pressure, because that is a hard technique. Apart from it bouncing once or twice at shin height it was sat perfectly for him to find the net. \n\nIt's a sitter and he fluffed it,  I'd just love to know what he was thinking. But like you said it is what it is so no changing it now.\n\nJust hope he does better next time.
I've seen multiple isntances of him jogging back whilst they're attacking on our flank, if he had cover, I'd get it but often he's maybe 10 yards back or so and honestly, you should be busting a gut to get back. One on one, the lads phenomenal, I back him almost every time but I find he has more 'one on one's' than anybody else, and I think a lot of that is down to being caught out of position.\n\nDon't have an agenda against him, he's a talent for sure, and he's young. I see no reason he can't be quality in the future but I honestly think he's been very average so far and these, whilst impressive one on one tackles he makes are great to see, they don't actually make up for a lot of other mediocre aspects in his game.
please, he set up zero attacks and wasted our best opportunity. an over the hill mata netted a similar shot days earlier
maybe, wouldn't have made much difference if any at all
Nah that's the one problem with ole today. should have had him start the 2nd half or at least bring him on for 30 minutes.
greenwood was shit v wolves, can't blame him. Mata maybe but that old cunt was probably buggered
Even so that doesnt justify not making the subs earlier. Could have replaced Dan James with a squirrel and there would be no difference in our performance.
And 5 points off Newcastle United and Crystal Palace. Don't care about other teams also being shit, that's irrelevant for our own performances. And Ole decided to rush back Pogba and Rashford. Paper thin squad is also Ole's fault for okaying departures. It's a strange persisting myth that Ole has zero influence in these decisions. Are we just slightly better than Newcastle United and Crystal Palace or not? Might as well get Hodgson or Bruce if you're happy right now. Keep thinking about the future, it won't get us anywhere. Come on, you don't really believe that 9 wins 7 draws 7 losses is as good as it gets?
Delusional fans will remain delusional.
All 3 players were injured due to Ole rushing them back from injury or forcing them to play thru serious injury. These are self made problems. On top of that, he comes out with \"I'm happy with the squad\" or the \"right player\" drivel every time he opens his mouth.
We don't know what's going on behind the scenes. Maybe the player indicated they want to play and the medical staff gave the go-ahead? What Ole says to the press should be taken with a heavy pinch of salt imo
That's because our midfielders weren't able to get the ball to them.
FT = full time management
Why not?  The sample size is big enough and it's the recent dataset, so it's an indication of which way the team is progressing/regressing.  \n\nPlus it excludes the new manager bounce that we definitely got after Jose was sacked.  I think it's a valid metric as it shows a general lack of improvement in results over just about the past year up to now.
I don't give a fuck sample size is big or not. If you want to shit on the man, count from his start, not fucking shit like NEVER WIN A GAME FOR US \"since yesterday\".
I didn't mean the AR's arm. The referee put his arm up, and not as an intent of giving advantage.
He put his arm up to waive down the AR which is why the AR then gave the ref a thumbs up. It\u2019s standard communication protocol for refs
Credit to them. Just makes our failings look even worse.
Yeah but you get the (exagerrated) point
Truth hurts doesnt it? Tell me what do you gain from putting your head in the sand
Women lie,men lie, Numbers dont.
Let's not count headers and shots too. Seems fair.
We're heading down the Hicks and Gillett path for sure. Hopefully the Saudis will treat us better.
They actually have to want to buy the club, I'm sure there's interest but is there a serious of buying it? We'll have to wait and see.
People said the same when Rashford came off vs Norwich\n\nI hope you\u2019re right
Ole 100% will think that was fine.
What manager would ever be happy with a defeat to your rivals? This isn't a perfect situation with all your players but he's not gonna think this was fine, if you watched his pre-match interview he said we need to be better than when we drew to them and this was not much better at all.
Yeah he \"had to\"....lmao.
What lineup would you have run out then
When Klopp had Jordan Henderson, Mati, Origi etc did you think they would be title winning champions league holders? No, coaches improve players or make systems that help them shine, Ole doesnt not do that.
Lmao Ole hasn't even had a full season yet nor has he had a full healthy squad. Klopp finished 8th in his  arriving season then 4th, 4th, and 2nd, now looking like 1st this year. He's had 4 seasons to get the squad where it is today, Ole has had one transfer window. We're also currently fifth, even with this thin of a squad top 4 is within reach this season
I don't know .. that's what I was told by our Manager after losing 3-1 in a derby at home. If the opponents play their first team it means they respect us , you need to get on with the program my friend.
Context https://www.sportbible.com/football/news-football-ogs-claims-man-united-have-gone-places-after-full-strength-man-city-20200112
Mata didn\u2019t start even though he has been excellent and neither did greenwood.\n\nOles tactics are shocking to the core
We do the same when pogbas in the squad, matic and Fred are more than capable of keeping the ball. It's intentional, we're looking to be a fast direct counter attacking team but it feels far too one dimensional.
Atleast Phelan doesn't tweet anymore, that's one relief.
Yep
I see, never knew that actually. Cheers mate!
If Ed was fired, who would secure us our plumbing sponsorships?
You and I could at least get a Drano sponsorship.
Allegri and Poch are better than Ole, that's all you need to know. But okay, keep believing that Ole will be the saviour.
Allegri is garbage defensive manager, who would fail miserably here, he\u2019s never coached outside Italy. Poch is overall a better manager yes, but still never achieved anything at Spurs with a far superior squad and better ownership than United have. I also clearly said someone as good as Klopp, which neither of those two are
lol, in your negative head that is all that happened.  try to enjoy your day
[deleted]
You are basically beginning to accept mediocrity. We aren't even close to Liverpool's standards, regardless of fitness.
[deleted]
What if\u2019s serve no purpose. It works both ways and is pure speculation.
Squad was shit before Ole too. But we blamed the manager back then. Blame him now too.
Mate you can\u2019t argue with some people. I imagine most are young kids, or easily frustrated adults. I rarely see any Ole out sentiment expressed with the measured analysis you\u2019d expect from a reasonable adult. Not to say the latter profile don\u2019t exist, just fail to come across too many.
How was he against Burnley today? Clinical?
Bro go and watch sterling, mane, salah etc and then after they dont score a goal in 2 chances keep the same energy
Salah overrated confirmed (/s)
Top players make moments. They change game at important times. The impact of our players are mediocre.
Top players miss big chances as well, this is my only contention here. Are you saying they don't? Also, Martial has had many big moments in a red shirt, including his debut goal against the scum we played today. He's our most clinical forward this season
How did u like Martial's game today? Clinical?
I knew you'd do this, typical and predictable. He was terrible today. He's still our most clinical forward. Why? His goals per minutes ratio and minutes per goal involvement is the best in the squad, simples.
You're venting out your frustrations on the wrong guy
and about your point defending the glazers? What else is he supposed to do? say they're shit? He or any other manager will be fired and make the situation unbearable for the next guy.
No. I said fuck off because you don't where to target your anger and its reactions like yours which make our fanbase toxic
And sticking with Ole will? He's out of his depth, nowhere near as bad as LvG or Jose
I don't disagree with you, but sacking the manager is a bandage fix that keeps the fans quiet for at least a year while they make their mind up. Very convenient for the Glazers and their cronies. Sad position for the club at the moment as I'm not sure there is anything to be done to get THEM out.
[removed]
[removed]
Careful saying something intelligent here.
Yeah especially after a loss god knows how any comment could go down here
It took Jose 109 games to lose 18 times\nOles managed to do it in 40\n\n40 points from a possible 96 since FT manager.\n\nBut yeah, Ole\u2019s at the wheel am i right guys \ud83e\udd2a\ud83e\udd2a\ud83e\udd2a
Because there a genuinely promising things to take away from this season just theres also a lot of shit things
Like what? \n\nBeeing 30 points behind our biggest rivals? \n\nHaving a manager take care of a rebuilt whos last visit to the premier league saw him relegated?\n\nHaving a manager that said he was okay with letting Herrera, Fellaini, Lukaku, Sanchez go? And still hasnt replaced them?
Pub mate
lol
Okay what's wrong with you
Do your history research mate, Scouse basterds called as ManU to disrespect the victims of the Munich disaster. Anyone who calls themselves a Utd Fan has to know this. If they don't they can fuck off.
You realise that many people associated with the club have called it Man U over the years right?
And Woodward gave him a car with no wheels
And Ole was okay with it, he's not a child, he has responsibilities. He is part of Woodward's team, he chose to take on this job. He okayed damaging the car even more by selling parts, and then by puncturing the tyres by rushing Rashford and Pogba back. No more excuses, time to blame everyone and not just the board.
Yeah I posted this in heights of emotion! Can\u2019t afford more attacking losses. And you just know that salah would\u2019ve gone down like a sack of shit of James had touched him
The lads got more self control than me, I'd of crippled the cunt :p
He occasionally offers moments of quality but is most often a donkey
Essentially he isn\u2019t clinical or consistent enough to be a United player and how a proper United forward would have buried Martial\u2019s chance today.
And as we all know Van Nistelrooy, Rooney, Yorke, Cole, Tevez, Ronaldo, Berbatov & so on. Never missed a single chance ever, and every single shot they ever took was a goal.
A reminder he slotted the goal vs city a few weeks back. Martial is part of the solution, far from the problem.
I would also add that Martial hasn't been given the opportunity he deserved at United. He carried our attack alone as a teen and then was never really rewarded with a string of games as a number 9 afterwards.
Head in sand mentality mate, this sub is an echo chamber of Ole can never do wrong.
No but we had the passion you know.The players did their best. Ole is a world class manager he always uses the same tactic but that doesn't matter does it mate? Because he is a club legend.
A proper wing back
Yeah rwb isn't his preffered position, but we usually line up with 4atb, maybe should start him at rcb and dalot at rwb while 5atb
AWB is not good at attacking on the wing and is not great at passing forward. I hope you see that because it's so obvious in today's game (one time, he crossed the ball from the right and it went over the back line of the goal on the left). He is also prone to leave a lot of space behind him (just like Shaw although AWB has some pace to catch up and cover up his positioning mistake with a last minute tackle, which he excels at). I have been critical of Shaw since a couple of years after he arrived at our club. I have now seen enough of AWB and Fred to be able to say which are their strengths vs. weaknesses. If you read my comments, I have been quite consistent about criticizing players like Matic, Shaw, Pogba, and pretty much anyone when I'm not shy of praising them when they do great in some aspects of the game.\n\nIn my opinion, there is nothing wrong with keeping it real. **We may be fond of our players because they are ours, but that doesn't mean we need to shield them from criticism.** I sincerely hope that a lot of people (most importantly the coaching staff) will realize and agree with my assessment about AWB, Shaw, James, Martial, etc. soon enough. These individual weaknesses are detrimental to our team's quality (unless of course, the coaching team identifies them correctly and players are motivated and studious enough to fix these weaknesses of theirs). Football skill is not permanent (even Messi and CR7 works hard to hone their skills--e.g., Messi's free kick taking has become much, much better in the past couple of years and I read on /r/soccer that he admitted that he worked on it). Professional players have responsibility to improve and coaching team must also help players improve the best way they can.
Oh come off it. Nothing entitled about wanting us to win or at least put in a good shift. Can you honestly say that we had a great performance even if we lost?
Yes, because that\u2019s *all* he\u2019s done wrong. Liverpool were nearly as good last year, and we still sacked Jose after that.
No, Ole is the worst performing manager since Ferguson left. Theres no way to sugarcoat the points, it's been the worst. Not one of the worst, the actual worst.\n\nIf hes got a good transfer policy, give him the DoF job.
Jones and Mata were given new contract this time last year by Ole. He also tried to extend Young for a year more. \n\nOle is not the fall guy he\u2019s the Ever smiling yes man.
You can't be serious that a man in temporary capacity, with less than one month on the job would be allowed to make personnel decisions of such magnitude. That had to be all Ed and the board.
Actually he had the full season after finishing 2nd and 3 months the season after
No wonder Liverpool fans are so happy with ole still sitting in that chair\n\nSounds a bit like deja vu.. Ole is our souness, a legend that basically kills our club off for a generation
embarassing that he's even at the club
Exactly my point. He\u2019s a wannabe Brazilian
Don't attack me because you don't agree with the point sweetheart. I'm still going to have my opinion whether you think its \"daft\" or otherwise.
Thanks for the concern mate, that's much appreciated. More hyperbole and sadness at the shite match mate. Have a better evening I hope ;)
There were vulnerabilities that we clearly saw and it is the managers job to adjust on the fly to capitalize on them. He\u2019s not just there to watch the game.\n\nInstead he was sat on his ass like a spectator until there were 16\u2019 left and he makes his first sub.\n\nAwful.
What are his options? How does he fix our defensive issues when he has no options? How does he fix our midfield when we have 2 actual midfielders available. \n\nDo any of you even pay attention to what is going on? You\u2019re blaming another manager for the faults of the board and Woodward. Fucking nonsensical
How much better did we look when we shifted to a back 4?
After looking closer to 4-0 than 1-1 for an even longer period though, to be fair.
No doubt, result was probably deserved.
Start greenwood and mata.\n\nDaniel james and andreas running around like a headless chicken.
Why not?
Ed woody\u2019s delusional weed
I totally agree with you, I was just comparing him to Pereira
Yeah we slept the first 10 minutes of 2nd half where they could've got a couple in. But otherwise their only goal was a set piece, not on open play. AWB shut down Mane well, Shaw shut down the left flank pretty well. We were just getting overrun in the midfield where Fred played solo against Henderson, Wijnaldum and Pereira. Yes I understand Salah goal was open play, that was us pushing for last minute goal
I dunno, personally \u2018moral victories\u2019 like that don\u2019t do anything.  It never looked like we\u2019d get more than a shit housed draw today, and if Liverpool\u2019s finishing had been a bit better not even that (mane\u2019s 1:1 and salah\u2019s sitter spring to mind).
TFM maybe, surely cant be worse than Pereira? But OGS must have a good reason why he hasn't picked him much. A more realistic decision would be Mata, he's been on form. And clearly brings way more to the team compared to Pereira.
TFM really? he wasnt good enough for fulham let alone United. Mata cant press and that was the only way we were gonna force liverpool into errors.
You are, trust me
Sweet summer child
Better squad haha
They got into CL final, TBH \ud83e\udd37\ud83c\udffd\u200d\u2640\ufe0f
thats because theyve been burnt out on poch. thats normal.its okay
You\u2019ve been \u201cwatching premier league soccer since 2007\u201d lol fuck of you wrecker.
Leaving Mason up against VVD lol
This is true.
At this point, I'd rather try Gomes or other academy players rather than Pereira.\n\nWe could've gotten a draw had we played with a functioning number 10
Not a clue.
I didnt know, but ive been watching the games, and didnt know why he wasnt playing
Ok, won\u2019t be back for a few weeks yet.
>Martial\n\nWhat about all his shots missing goal? but i do think he dribbles well\n\n>we had several chances before the sub\n\nBut no goals, thats the point
Their team isn't that good, I don't get the downvotes. The players aren't that good, they play a Burnley low block with a fluid front 3. They should be happy with their success but not one of those players would get into United's 08 squad. You really think they're better than 08 Chelsea and United? Not even close.
Not sure why you're bigging up Liverpool so much as a 'United fan', phenomenal? Try watching the 1999 Champions League final, that's phenomenal.
Dude you can be a fan and still be impartial. The people that constantly talk about the past and refuse to admit when there are better teams around, for the last 25 years do you know who they've been? Those have been Liverpool fan. You're turning into a scouse with that mentality
Why would it be a joke? Not a laughing matter to be honest. Their midfield is poor, wouldn't stand 10 years ago. They bypass it with their fullbacks. The quality isn't like everyone makes out. They're so successful because the overall standard of top teams has decreased massively in the past 10-15 years.
They were scraping a 1-0 win against the worst United team in the past 30 years with embarrassing low block tactics, they've already won the league. Just shows small club mentality to react like that, although I guess they haven't won the league in 30 years themselves...
No I'm not surprised. But we were still shit and the performance wasn't acceptable and no one here should be sugar costing losing to our biggest rival 2-0.\n\nSure we had like 2 decent chances but did you see how many Liverpool missed? They could've suffocated us with 5 or 6-0
But they didn't. Just like we didn't. It was 1-0 until very late in the game. We are in a rebuild going up against the best team in the league...
keep playing like that you will be joining us lmao
I think it just shows a mindset. Could you imagine Keane, Scholes, Nev ...well anybody not commiting to that tackle?
If those players are in our squad right now they would have done the same thing. Different time, different circumstances.
He\u2019s a legend in terms of calling out our shit Board
True but what about being United through and through? Cant imagine  the likes of Roy Keane, Scholes, Rooney letting a scouser get away like that.
we were already losing the game..that goal would make no difference..if it was a draw situation then he should take one for the team
Good arguement bud.
Agreed, no need to be reckless.
Nah, just a typical user of r/reddevils after a lost game, unfortunately.
It's about winning mentality. Stopping the other team from scoring at all costs. I doubt James, in the heat of the moment, is thinking about the thinness of the squad. If that was on his mind, rather than trying to stop Salah, then my point is proven re patheticness.
As I said to someone else, would James know that Rashford is injured? Is James thinking about the squad or stopping Salah? Pathetic mentality
? He knows it\u2019s not worth missing future games for absolutely no reason, the game was done
It's a 1 game ban and now Salah will always have his little shirtless moment thanks to James
Hahah this dude has his priorities set in life. Need some life advice please.
It's a three game ban ya fucking numpty
It's Ole who's been playing pogba, rashford, Maguire through injuries
He doesn't have backups, what else can he do? Lose? I'm sure you'll be understanding.
The midfield issue is debatable & leaves a lot of hypothetical scenarios.\n\nFor instance, had Lingard been in top form, perhaps the hole Poga left wouldn't be so massive. Had United signed a replacement for Lukaku, there wouldn't be another problem now that Rashford is out.\n\nBruno for now, is a non factor.
I agree with the striker part yeah that should have been sorted ages ago..... as for lingard if you was the manager and knew he hired Raiola as an agent would you start him? From my point that's a snake in the grass move from Lingard especially with everyone knowing what Raiola is like
And Lindelof isn\u2019t ?
Why did OGS tell him to go back? I don't care that Salah would've scored a lot easier if DDG hadn't been waiting in net -- you still throw the kitchen sink at them!
De Gea can't attack a corner when he's allowed to use his hands, neverlone when he's not hah
De gea could  (should?) have saved that laSt shot and we would have time for onexample more attack. It rarely helps bringing the keeper up.
Literally disgusted when Ole told De Gea to get back in goal. This means more to all of us than just some league game. One goal difference in this game won't decide European qualification for us this year.   \n\n\nCherry on top is that in hindsight...they scored anyway, with De Gea perfectly positioned in goal. A weekend to forget.
I think De Gea should have gone for it as well.. but to be fair, he probably wouldn\u2019t have done much given he\u2019s not great at attacking the ball even in his own box\n\nBut you\u2019re right. Corner from the left, +3 minutes added, goalkeeper attacking, I would have loved to recreate the scene we all know
Because Ole isnt a good manager.
We'd still have lost and we'd have a player missing when we're desperately short already.
I know.. I know.. It\u2019s just what I would\u2019ve done if I were in his boots.
Alisson had 9 more touches than Andreas Pereira \n\nThink about that
Touches = a great performance?\n\nHow many of those touches did he send out for a throw in
\"I don't know what you're talking about\" -Ed Woodward, probably
I can see it now, Ed: \"On that point, let me just say, I am delighted to welcome BUPA as the medical team's scrubs sponsor\"
Those shin pads though...
There\u2019s also the whole Ireland debacle.. The less said about that, the better!
He hasn't proven anything other than huge potential at the moment. He needs to  start games every week and get a full season as a first team under his belt.  \n\n\nWhat club that can provide an equal or better environment to develop will come in for him and pay whatever ungodly sum the Glazers would charge?
Yeah, we managed to create one good chance for our striker this game. One chance for Martial who\u2019s shown us before what he\u2019s capable of while staring down the keeper. He\u2019s often the one exchanging quick passes to create time and space for the team and I don\u2019t blame him- I blame the rest of the team that\u2019s devoid of creativity and lose their bearings when asked to play quick passes.
The word \"keeps\" implies that he's currently improving
There is one situation where he could've picked out James running down the flanks but he shot it directly into the goalkeeper
Well, at least he has his moments.
Uh, players won't magically get cheaper the worse our team gets you know.
How the fuck is the season done for? We still have a decent shot at top 4...
Yeah because suddenly the market would stabilise and clubs would forget that we have money and not try to rip us off anymore? If we don't get champions league this season we would appear more desperate and have even less bargaining power. How are we ever going to get world class players for a rate that is decent when we have fuck all to offer except money?
When you play away you expect a slight bias from referees.  All in all, the score was 1-0,  Salah only scored because we stacked the front. But it probably should have been 2-0 earlier, given their shot count, especially that Henderson drive off the post.  \n\nLong story short we lost but didn't play terribly except for a period at three start of each half.
Completely agree!
As much as its right to criticise him for playing them, we've hardly got anyone to replace them if they didn't play
I do not give a fuck honestly. Ole is being selfish
Our medical team needs to be really questioned. No way Ole is fielding a player against medical advice.
Sure but as a club that boast being the top 5 club of the world we shouldn't be doing this. What's the point of boasting playing the youth when we eventually destroy their career?
He\u2019s only talking about the Premier League era, I\u2019m unsure why you\u2019re so caught up on it.
Because saying \"they haven't won a Premier League\" is just semantic bullshit when they've won 18 league titles. It's like saying we've only won two Champion's Leagues because it was a different format in 1968. It smacks of ignorance and devalues our own history as well.
Yes the Lukaku bit is true, look at the financial figures. United are getting record revenues because it's a huge global brand (and that's all it is to the Glazers) and winning titles will help that but the investment needed to do that is huge(especially when you have to compete with City) and the Glazers are not here to do that, what they aim for is getting top four consistently (like Arsenals owners) because it brings the most financial return relative to the investment. \n\n\nLook at the amount of players sold from the summer and January before and then calculate the net spend. It's not a lot, something like 40 million. Yes the club is beginning to lose money, good, it'll only help escalate the Glazers departure from the club because they cannot fix this and no one inside the club knows how to.
[deleted]
You wouldn't have to delete your reply if you actually believed what you were saying.
Mata, who played 90 mins against Wolves midweek, he would have been destroyed by Liverpool pressing and would have to be subbed off in the 60th minute or something.  \n\n\nNot to mention that Mata has only worked out so far playing on the wing, not as a n10, he doesn't have the legs.
Like it\u2019s getting us right now
Hehe, fair point
How many caps McTominay got?
[deleted]
sure. how many of those are still fans?
Glazers's foray into making the club public on NYSE was just another money grabbing exercise. They pocketed the 400m that was raised from selling the small percent of their holdings.
They had coutinho, they had a midfield. Thats more then what you can say about this team.
*after
*Because De Gea had a freak season
Well you could start by explaining why you think it's wrong. But I have a sneaking suspicion you have no idea what you're talking about so you can't put it into words.
ok, if you want to be a snotty prick, we can go there. \n\ni\u2019ll start with your last point: you\u2019re completely wrong about liverpool\u2019s pressing this season. they don\u2019t play the way the have in the past. yes, they press hard at times, and play with a lot of energy, but they also regularly step back and conserve, which is what happened. they deliberately went into a more defensive mode not because of exhaustion but because they can better control the game that way. it\u2019s why they\u2019ve conceded so few goals this season compared to previous ones. they are 100% more conservative now. we looked better because, like jose famously used to do, they conceded control of the ball to us in order to play on the counter. \n\ni think it\u2019s quite funny you felt compelled to act smug about the fact that i didn\u2019t explain myself when your initial retort to my claim that we weren\u2019t particularly good amounted to \u201cactually we were.\u201d what is there for me to disagree with when you haven\u2019t provided any specifics yourself? \n\nhere\u2019s what i will say: we didn\u2019t make any significant chances in that period, and consistently gave the ball away in dangerous areas in the rare event that we even found ourselves in their final third. what happened most of the time was unproductive passing out wide that ended up being recycled backwards because we were outnumbered and tactically out-thought. if you think almost making a good pass equals playing well, then i\u2019m not sure what else i can say to you. \n\ni\u2019d love to hear examples of our good play. i can think of at most maybe three incidents, none of which were especially dangerous bar andreas\u2019s miss.
I don't feel fred looks so good because we expect a poor level from him at all, he was phenomenal today compared to a lot of the other players, and has been for a lot of our games this season.\n\nI think either he is excelling because he is talented, which I like to believe, or he stands out because the rest of the team is lacking, nothing to do with an expectation of his level.
Compared to what other players? The bang-average-at-best-awful-at-worst ones that have us playing like a laughing stock?\n\nThe latter seems more likely to me.
The point is Ole did about as good as you can expect with the shite we rolled out onto the pitch. If we can get some quality in i don't think we are miles off. Bruno plus maybe 4 or 5 more QUALITY signings and i think we can compete with anyone.
so basically half a team? Do you hear yourself?
Your words are too true.
I'll repeat what I said, you might very well be right. What I don't get is this overreaction to a defeat at Anfield.\n\nI've been very negative too after bad results this season. But yesterday's result should not be the reason for a nervous breakdown. Save the doom and gloom for bad results rather than an expected one (and anyone who doesn't believe that *is* deluded).\n\nRegarding Fernandes: by your logic, we shouldn't sign any player until Woodward and the Glazers are gone. Would that make us feel better?
Yeah, let's just hope that the recent info about Marcus will persuade our board to quickly conclude the Bruno transfer and then move on to sign another striker/winger, otherwise we are one Martial injury away from being absolutely screwed.
Getting the Bruno deal done is a start. Every injury that could've hurt us this season has hurt us. I dont know what to expect from this season anymore because we've been running on a skeleton squad for so long.
Park Ji Sung to just come out with it
He is doing a bang-up job in Paris warming the bench.
So like has been said a massive workhorse for the club and they left his contract until.it was about to enter its final year. Stupid if a players matters why let it go so long. He wasnt made to feel important and will be glad looking back now at his choice.
You\u2019re shifting the goalposts now. First you said he wasn\u2019t offered a contract. Then when I corrected you, you said it was very late. Then when I told you it was more than a year before it expired, then you\u2019re saying something else. We gave him a decent offer and he refused to sign and waiting for a big offer and used that to get us to pay him even more money.\n\nEdit: mistook the commenters
I dont get why you've been down voted because I agree. We only require a few players to look half decent. How many times this year have our forwards looked disillusioned because no one is able to get the ball to them?\n\nWe're fighting tooth and nail to NOT pay for Fernandes. We need him. We are negotiating over 5 million or something. Jesus. Pay it as we are desperate.
Yep I\u2019m with you brother. Dybala has like 10 goals and 11 assists this year, even if he only had half of each of those with us we\u2019d be a totally different team. There is absolutely 0 excuse to not sign Bruno considering we have to play Matic, Pereira and Lingard and don\u2019t have Rashford either now. We should be buying Bruno and one more or at least getting another on a loan or something. No way any other top club let\u2019s themselves get into a position of absolutely shite we are in right now
One could argue, liverpool would have won still if they had converted their chances...
and if they finished their chances it would have been 5-0. What the fuck is your point
My point sir, is we didnt get \"smoked\" like what OP said. We played with an unbeaten liverpool team in anfield, with our top scorer out, our best playmaker out and our best midfield ball winner out. We created some chances on our own and on better days we could have scrapped a 1-1 draw. People are acting like we just got slapped 4-0 by Notts County at Old Trafford.
JONES
crazy thing is, I wouldn't even say I'm Ole In. But those people see anything remotely positive as a personal attack on their belifiefs that everything is terrible lmao
Im aware that there are benefits, i have \"educated myself\" as you say. You can easily do a zone and 1 if thats the case but you should NEVER allow a guy like VVD to go free. You have to man mark a guy like that or hes going to find a way to get to Brandon and use his size to overpower, like he did today.
I mean we literally could have drawn or lost 5-0 that's a fact. \n\nWe lost 2-0 to the best team in the world away. Yes we were pretty poor but there were some small positives,which to ignore would be negligent in analysis. \n\nTo say because I don't spend the post bleating about how awful we were and how miserable everything is just silly.\n\nI gave an objective account of the match. To write everything off as \"IT WAS TERRIBLE\" is lazy, childish and utterly unconstructive.
You comparing this man u squad to the David Beckham and Dwight Yorke era.\n\nI think what the redditor meant to say was \"considering the squad we had, we didn't play as badly as everyone expected.\" \n\nLiverpool so far is an unbeaten team. lol you would have been insane to think that we could have stopped that.
 Sad mentality
let me guess: youre an american who only watch highlights of the games instead of the actual games because of the time difference and youre in bed sleeping when its live?
Ridiculous comment.
Game was on at 1130am in the US (eastern). Try again pal.
No
Agreed, Rashford  has started to to add this to his game. Same with Greenwood when he plays he's often sniffing at those chances. Only issue is we don't put the ball in to box often enough to create those kind of chances.\n\nHonestly I'm just not sure if it's a quality of the players of being able to make those kind of decisions in the moment of the game or a coaching aspect of being told not to do it.
[deleted]
It's a zonal marking system where he follows any runner that flashes in front of him. Hes not man marking VVD. So again learn about the game and different systems before you run your mouth. Why are you here anyways? You're an arsenal fan.\n \nAnd having above average knowledge of the game isnt a high horse. Again, know what you're looking at before you comment.
Yeah that's if you think you're going to win enough games to be within 5 points of 4th place.
We weren't closer to scoring the last 15 minutes than the 15-20 minutes before that.
Others out of position is his fault now?\n\nWasn\u2019t soft at all, blatant pull
It's frustrating watching Pereira, isn't it? I mean he loves United with all his heart but just doesn't have the quality.
I guess I would be fine with the streamlining if it meant deals were completed quicker but they aren't. In the end we have 31 days to improve the team. We are 19 in and haven't completed a transfer that all three parties want to go through. Yes you don't want to get hosed in the deal but it is so limited time. Use the summer to work on the negociating. January is to improve the squad for a strong finish
Pool get away with far more than any other team and that's a fact, their Spurs goal was exactly the same. Fouling isn't even comparable.\n\nThey are better? Sure, but they managed one foul-assisted goal in 90 minutes against a team that doesn't have what, 3? 4? starters, whose \"plan b\" is a teenager. That's pathetic. \n\nI don't need any glasses, haven't needed them in a quarter century of supporting this team. I didn't expect a win, but considering the incredibly biased refereeing and board-depleted squad this wasn't a bad result.
> Pool get away with far more than any other team and that's a fact, their Spurs goal was exactly the same. Fouling isn't even comparable.\n\nBehave mate. This is the same shit Pool fans and others spewed for 20 years when we were dominant. It\u2019s delusional. Some decisions go their way, some don\u2019t. This whole LiVARpool conspiracy bullshit just makes us look like idiots and gives them even more ammo to shoot us down with. \n\nNeed I remind you our goal against them at Old Trafford was also \u201cfoul-assisted\u201d. Except it wasn\u2019t because it wasn\u2019t called because there\u2019s no conspiracy. \n\n> They are better? Sure, but they managed one foul-assisted goal in 90 minutes against a team that doesn't have what, 3? 4? starters, whose \"plan b\" is a teenager. That's pathetic.\n\nThey scored 2 goals. You can\u2019t just not count on because it happened to be in added time. That\u2019s a hallmark of a great team - going to the final whistle. How many of their starters were they missing? Fabinho, Matip, Keita? Injuries are not an excuse. Our plan B is a teenager because our squad is shit, that\u2019s on the leadership and the manager. \n\n> I don't need any glasses, haven't needed them in a quarter century of supporting this team. I didn't expect a win, but considering the incredibly biased refereeing and board-depleted squad this wasn't a bad result.\n\nYou\u2019re completely out of your mind if you think the reffing was biased. If it was biased they would\u2019ve won by 4+ goals, without the VAR overturning, given a penalty against Shaw for handball and had Matic sent off. It was actually one of the best reffing performances I\u2019ve seen this season. \n\nThe squad is not an excuse: we had 11 players out there that got run ragged for 70-odd minutes before showing some fight. We were lucky not to be completely embarrassed. \n\n2-0 is generous to us and covers up how poor we were for the majority of the game. Ole got found out. Let us have the ball and press us into making mistakes high up the pitch so we can\u2019t reset before they create chances.\n\nOle\u2019s model is fine for an underdog team hoping to push into the top half/Europa spots. It\u2019s not good enough for United.
They're better going forward & create alot more but we still had chances too. Martial should\u2019ve had 1. Were you really expecting us to win that game lol?
No, but you said we were unlucky not to get a draw. We weren't, they should have been ahead by 2 or 3 goals the 70th minute. Saying we could have scored one or two doesn't make much sense considering they could have scored 3 or 4 more.
Dalot looked like he\u2019s gonna need time to get up to speed imo
Neither are wingers and neither can play upfront either whereas Alexis can do both. We need someone to play whilst Martial, Greenwood etc are rested. With Rashford out it wouldn\u2019t be possible for them to get much rest. Alexis would be fine playing upfront in dead cup ties to allow these players to rest
I still think Wan bissaka was probably one of our worst today, but I think he doesn't understand the role of a wingback
1st half he was good. 2nd half he seemed a bit out of place, and during the end he gassed out.
I don't think anyone in this fanbase supports Ed.
Well that schmuck is probably on here blaming Ole so he supports himself? Lol
Oh yeah I forgot spamming emojis was a sign of mental stability...
Because what you said was absolutely fucking ridiculous.
Andreas creates a couple of excellent chances yeah? Mata had his chance a couple weeks ago against City I believe? He started and didn\u2019t have too great of a game. I don\u2019t know if we watched the same game but Andreas is so much better defensively than Juan in terms of winning 50/50s in the midfield.
Are you daft ? They were not goals for a reason. \nFirmino was a 50/50 foul that gets called about 90% in most football games.\nAnd Wijnaldum was OFFSIDE.
Not a foul for me at all. Would be livid if that got called against us. \n\nWijnaldum looked about level on the replay, but could be offside (like I said). With the way VAR\u2019s been, who could say.\n\nRegardless, if you think this performance was anything other than woeful, you need yer fucking head checking.
Lol
It\u2019s inconsistent in that recently he\u2019s made changes to due his starters (basically always lingard or pereira) having beyond shocking performances and having to take them to replace them with...whichever one didn\u2019t start.\n\nBut his actual substantive changes regularly come in that later time frame as they did tonight
I mean did you read what I said? In no way were we \u201cdeserving\u201d of a win. We rode our luck as I painfully pointed out. And I\u2019m not talking about the clear chances we created but the passages of play that were really threatening but broke down due to brain dead decision making. There were multiple instances on the counter where we were crying out for someone with a little bit of composure and brain to pick out a pass. Andreas was the complete opposite of all that. Anyway, the whole point was they dominated us for 10 minutes or so but outside of that it was a fairly even contest and we held our own for large periods and on a different day with a slight personnel change everyone would be singing completely different tunes.  Much like the 4-0 vs Chelsea on opening day. In no way were we deserving of that win, much less the scoreline.
I'd rather he be passionate on the sideline than in press conferences to ex players tbh
Only Rashy and Pogba were missing today...we still had 9 other starters so I would say we have just fallen far behind that we don't have back ups...
Teams need to stop fearing Liverpool. Once the fear factor is eroded, Liverpool will just be another club to the opposing team.\n\nAnd Liverpool are just a few injuries away from capitulating. Imagine if one fine day Liverpool had as many injury concerns as us. They would be fucked. Testament to how Klopp has done a good job managing injuries in the club.
Imagine if this season Alisson, Fabinho, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Matip, Lovren, Keita, Salah, all were injured...
Because there is no fucking other way to improve if we dont fucking sack the board. I dont know if Ole is the right one or not, but he is our coach, our legend. He put the club over himself. Never fucking complain about all the shit that the board gave him. Pep needs superb backing, Poch is trophyless, Klopp in the past didnt like our board. Tactical geniuses dont fucking want to be here. The problem is much greater than only Ole being the coach.
Yes agreed the board are parasites but no way in hell will they sell the club unless they get approached with a massive offer too good to turn down in the tune of probably 3 or 4 billion who knows. The club is a cash cow to them and I would not want to let go of m priced possessions so easily. We have to deal with it. Poch is trophy less but he knows he's stuff and he's proven that by turning Tottenham around. He also did the same with Southampton when he was manager. No one knows the true reason for his fallout with levy but no one cares either. He knows the EPL. Ole think he does but he doesn't. How he sanctioned the sale of lukaku is beyond m. Yes deadwood needs to go but lukaku isn't a deadwood player. He's a proven goal scorer and one we so desperately crave now. So sorry if you place your faith in him but I don't. Losing lukaku made m realise he doesn't know what he's doing and now it's showing quite frankly to everyone. Rashford is burnt out after playing week in week out, same with James and with Rashford out, Greenwood is going to be forced to step up when it's not yet time for him to shine since he's still reletatively young.
So we can expect a mint condition rashy in 2 months? (Please say yes)
Well ofc. The physios available to him plus the nutrition and condition training would give us a refreshed Rashford. Give or take 2 months.
Well it\u2019s the truth. We just can\u2019t choose which truth we want and which one we don\u2019t
>Well it\u2019s the truth\n\nok we will check the expected goals when it comes out and see which one of us are full of shit then
They finished on 2 goals, one of the disallowed ones should have stood, Henderson hit the post thank fuck (Although unlucky from their perspective), and Salah should have scored a practically open goal but sent it wide when you'd have bet your house on him scoring.\n\nThe reality is that we were fortunate to be just 1 behind before Salah's goal.\n\nThe delusion is that you're thinking this match was \"close\". It wasn't close at all, we got outplayed for 70 minutes of the match.
The statement was 5-0 ... we can check the expected goals and see who is full of shit\n\nHilarious that you talk about being civial and downvotes when you call people entitled on the back of irrational statements
Oh finally someone who isn't in denial....\n\nThank you!\n\nJust because I can admit the opponent is class, doesn't mean it hurts any less to see them do well and beat us.
Haha there is no harm in giving credit where it is due!\n\nOur demise won't be as long lasting as the scum scousers was\n\nUnited till I die, of course ;)
Footballing rivalries tend not to work like that imo, watching them play well makes me sick to my stomach, but everyone enjoys football differently
We're still the only ones taking points if them this season though.
You are emotional.  Come back when your rage tears arent flowing, k?
Don't even care if OP just be normal person take his full time stats instead this \"cherry picking\". I'm suggest you should be normal person too \ud83d\ude09
Man United have got an abnormal amount of penalties this season. On another note its 27% including pens, worse than his spell at Cardiff. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
As of 11 days ago.\n\nCaretaker: 19 games - 14 wins - 2 draws - 3 losses. 73.6% win rate\n\nManager: 42 games - 17 wins - 11 draws - 14 losses. 40.47% win rate\n\nTotal: 61 games - 31 wins - 13 draws - 17 losses. 50.8% win rate
Lineup would make no difference, the players are coached by ole.
Oh ffs, every other team in the league apart from us has lost vs Liverpool. They're coached by Pep, Mourinho etc. Are they all shit managers aswell?
\n\"We lost to a full strength Liverpool side at Anfield 2-0 with a team with its whole spine missing.\"\n\n\n\nWatford only lost 2-0 at Anfield too in December, guess we'll all be back the top soon.\n\nOle has had a LONG time.
I'd take my chances with those guys, than Ole.
Good thing you\u2019re not in charge
[deleted]
Ok fair enough mate. I see your point.
Yup I'll be keeping an tab on this. I want to see how many chances can clinical martial finish in absence of Rashford.
I guess the literal meaning of clinical and prolific is lost on you.
How's Martial, again?
Yawn
Not chat out of his arse. Jose and LvG never openly criticised the Glazers but they made it known they were unhappy with the way the club is run by constant digs at the people above them
and guess what did that lead to? Nothing at all. That's not how you go about things. If you miss the way Jose handled the press you have a problem
And what are we supposed to do? Sit back and applaud mediocrity? Ole's still here only cos he's a legend. Likes of Jose, LvG and Moyes wouldn't have seen the new year.
Whose asking you to applaud mediocrity? There is a way to go about things but this is not it. Frankly, every one is a little worked up right now and we don't need to fight. Peace out, brother. GGMU
I agee. Sacking a manager is not the way to go about. I think we wouldn't be in this position if Jose was backed in the summer of '18 or we didn't rush to appoint Ole. Much of the blame falls on Woodward and the Glazers but you can't watch Utd and deny there's no gameplan whatsoever. There's nothing to suggest Ole would challenge Liverpool for the league even if he was backed by Arab or Russian tycoons
I think he would challenge them for the league, I don't know if he's the absolute best choice. We struggle with low blocks and compact teams because our creative players are overwhelmingly low quality.
[removed]
[removed]
No obviously not stop being a stubborn prick \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\n\n\nPlayers like Rashford, AM9, McTom, Williams, Fred etc showing promise for the future of this club.
Rashford was good since he broke through, Martial was good before Ole came too. \n\nFred has RECENTLY started to play well. McT was given his first games from Mourinho. \n\nThe only good thing this season is Williams and Greenwood. Not good enough for Ole to stay.
This is a stupid myth stop running down other fans with that superior fan knowledge bullshit and trying to get insulted by an abbreviation
I'm well aware of the history but words only have power if we give them power. Words mean what we decide they mean communicatively. The lad clearly isn't taking the piss about Munich, is he?
Some Americans just don't know, his post seemed sincere but he's not a proper fan. As long as he doesn't call us Man * again it's alright.
The fuck is this gatekeeping shite lmao
I completely agree. Ole was never tactically astute enough to have the job and should\u2019ve just been used as a post mou boost imo. Seems like united have gone away from executing the little details under him that Mou and Van Gaal would have crucified their teams for. And no world class player is gonna wanna sign under ole so it\u2019s a positive feedback loop of shit football
They are all better than Martial, and Fergie binned off 4/7 of those to make way for others.
Looking at their highlights, I can confirm all shots were great.
He has not been given because he's not always on form. He had opportunities under Mourinho and he didn't live up to expectations asuch hence he was benched alot. Now he's given a prominent role striking upfront and he's an off and on player and can't be trusted to lead the line due to his injury record. Can be lead the line now that Rashford is out for 3 months? Who knows!
https://www.skysports.com/football/news/11095/11587676/ole-gunnar-solskjaer-says-he-will-have-input-on-manchester-united-transfer-plans \n\nThis is from his first presser before the contracts were announced at the end of january. \n\nAshley Young was this season before he fucked off to Inter. \n\nContinue blaming it all on the board since you never want to fault Ole. They\u2019re both incompetent and hopefully both Fuck off sooner rather than later Ole and Ed hand in hand.
The problems go all the way to the top. I agree.\n\nHowever, Ole\u2019s job is to manage the squad he has and produce results. There were opportunities today to take a massive result away from Anfield and instead it was too little too late.\n\nMata should have started over Perreira, especially in the form he\u2019s in. Given that he didn\u2019t start, he and Greenwood should have come in at the half. We were going nowhere with James on the right and Perreira at 10. \n\nMartial was playing a really poor game and never looked like he had it in him to snatch a goal. \n\nIn the end, we looked much better when Mata and Greenwood subbed on in the 75\u2019 but the rest of our team was run ragged and didn\u2019t have enough to fully support the injected creativity.\n\nYou just can\u2019t wait and watch 75\u2019 of losing football as a manager and say \u201cyea but... our squad is thin.\u201d\n\nBullshit. The least you could do is try.
When you\u2019re handed a turd and told to turn it into gold, you\u2019re fucked. \n\nI agree that Mata should have started, but who knows what that would have looked like for an entire game. For Pereira\u2019s faults, he\u2019s better defensively and much quicker than Juan. \n\nAs for watching us lose for 75\u2019, that\u2019s not entirely fair. We had two very good chances that we squandered completely. That\u2019s not on Ole, that\u2019s on our players. Pereira should have scored, no question about it.
I agree with you. We played a top team on form, unbeaten, and we have our midfield out injured except Fred. The result is expected, but just like Liverpools finishing could've been better, we could've done better without Pereira as well.
Imagine how little Bruno has to do to improve on lingard and pereira in that role lol
Are you saying Pereira is good enough for United? Was he?
So? Lucked their way to the final, we beat Psg so we have a better squad than them?
Would rather die than be scouse, as someone who has been going to Old Trafford his entire life and seen United as the best team in the world and now the worst I've ever seen. They are definitely a better team than us at the moment, there is no doubt about that. My problem comes from people making out like they're one of the greatest teams of all time, they're not even close. You should go see United some time 'Dude', maybe get some perspective and pride for our club.
You're honestly a lost cause
And it was only 1-0 because of unbelievable luck. Scum could've sat back rest of the game and it wouldn't have made a difference for our woeful attack. I know why the attack and midfield is bad, but I'm not accepting this loss as a \"we'll boo hoo Liverpool is amazing\" I don't give a fuck how good they are we're MAN UNITED and I'll never accept losses to pool.\n\nAnd what rebuild are we in? We spent 130 million to allow cheap corner kick goals. We don't have a midfield at all, we're down to like one striker who is really a left winger at the moment. This isn't a rebuild, it's just crap.
I mean just search for 5 minutes on youtube at the countless cynical silly tackles made by our players from the Golden era. \nYes it's stupid and reckless. But it displays how completely invested they were in the game both physically and emotionally.
So we have to be stupid lol, i think just seeing James tracking down like crazy during the last minute is more than enough. Red card would be absolutely unnecessary.
I 100% guarantee if it was the other way round, the Liverpool player would've taken the red.
Thats a valid point tbh
One more person causing havoc is useful sometimes. You never know.
Sure tough guy.
Clean sheet and an assist as a GK\n\nHe had a great performance mate
Not really. Didn't do anything all match, and the assist was on a plate.
And when he rests those players, plays the under 23's who aren't ready, and then gets attacked for playing those players once its revealed the first team were willing to play? Its a lose-lose for everyone.
He's the manager and should put what's best for the team ahead of what's best for him. Risking players' health and careers to keep his job is shameful.
It's also a joke
Mate, have a good night. I'm tired of this ridiculous roundabout.
Yes, I think Fred and Williams playing themselves out and making space against this Liverpool side equals playing well, and Liverpool were in fact pressing high and making an effort to block passing lanes the entire game up until they dropped off in the 70th minute ish.\n\nI'm not sure why they would stop doing this though, because that seemed to work much better for them in regards to controlling the game, seeing as how we were much more dangerous on the ball after they did that.\n\nIf you want to contribute it to tactics, and not fatigue, then I guess we just disagree there.\n\nI agree we weren't especially dangerous, and didn't create much until later in the game, but to withstand that 15 minutes of pressure at the start of the second half was well played by our defense in my opinion.\n\nAlso, I don't have anything against you if you thought so, I just prefer a discussion like this instead of someone telling me \"nah everything you said was wrong, won't provide a reason though\".
i dont see how it can be anything other than tactical since they have started doing it this season to a degree they haven\u2019t done before. they also just don\u2019t press how they used to\u2014it\u2019s still intense but not on the level it used to be, as they focus more on positioning and cutting off lanes than direct on ball pressuring. \n\nthey stopped pressing as hard because it\u2019s less risky and easier to control a game that was, at that stage, still 1-0. every manager bar pep does this. \n\ni don\u2019t see how you can say we played well while also saying we weren\u2019t dangerous. these seem incompatible to me. some individuals played well, sure, but any assessment of a team\u2019s performance\u2014especially one of our stature\u2014should be heavily weighted towards how dangerous they were.
Yeah those ones.
Does a squad consist of 11 players only?
Well, as long as we don't sign any new players (aside from Bruno), top 4 race looks to be lost, unless our squad players by some miracle start playing like prime SAF squad. The only positive might be that we could actually start utilizing Chong and Gomes more, therefore persuading them to stay, but this season is just a mess. I honestly don't understand why our players are so injury prone compared to for example Liverpool. They field the same attack nearly every match and they are always fit, what do they eat in Liverpool ffs?
The two comments are from different people and both say he was offered a deal. Just a bit late for an important player. You must at least see the point. If you get to the end of your contract or at the point you can talk to other clubs it's already too late. Once they get involved it's a bidding war. We've been used the other way enough times. Claimed interest in players so they can get a better contract. When it's the other way around we loose the player.\n\nLook at what is coming out about how the club works. Playing fucked players through injuries not being looked after is a joke. If it was your employer and someone offered you a better job and they couldn't match it youd go. Simple
He chose to listen to what other clubs have to offer. He knew he was coming to the end of his career so he needed a large paycheck just like Sanchez and Manchester united wasn't going to give him that (even though they knew he has been a great player) and so he chose PSG unfortunately.
Sorry reality is hard for you to cope with, go live in the past like Pool supporters used to before they finally accepted they were shit and dealt with it properly from the top down
Why? You dont think those people exist?\nPeople have shorter attention spans nowadays, and couple that with the time difference, it should come as no surprise that alot of redditors are highlights-watchers. Reddit is american.\nOf course there is alot of hardcore fans in america who stay up at night on a work day, and gets up early on weekends to watch the team we all love. Its not them Im talking about
It's ridiculous that because he has a different opinion to you, you've automatically written him off as a clueless American.\n\nI agree with him, to be honest. We could have walked away from that at 1-0 and I would have called it a robbery. We were absolutely terrible and, had Liverpool been more clinical, we could have been humiliated.\n\nMartial missed a half-sitter and Pereira whiffed a tap-in. Other than that, we had no chances whatsoever, bar shite pot-shots from 30 yards.
seems like I pissed you off when I told you to educate yourself. \"someone with good tactics\"
No, just coming to the defense of a fellow american since its evident you think so highly of us.
LiVARpool thing isn't even coming from us, the entire league is complaining, but it apparently makes \"us\" look like idiots?Mkay.\n\nAs far as I know none of their starters were actually out with an injury, all were available for selection so that's not really a point in their favour. And I love how you say our squad is shit because of the manager. Because Ed buys anyone the team needs, right? Fucking hell.\n\nReffing was 100% biased and you have to be delusional not to see it. Even the neutrals are pointing it out game in, game out. And it's been going on for the entire season. I get self-flagellation but you don't have to participate, it can't be healthy for you mate.\n\nHow the hell did \"Ole get found out\"? The barebones squad could have _EASILY_ drawn and even won the game. Just like the Spurs and City games back in December he set up an awful squad in a way that gave us a chance.
> LiVARpool thing isn't even coming from us, the entire league is complaining, but it apparently makes \"us\" look like idiots?Mkay.\n\nIt\u2019s been spouted here and by many a man with a united flair on r/soccer. We, as the people with the most to lose, are going to look the dumbest when spouting conspiracies. \n\n> As far as I know none of their starters were actually out with an injury, all were available for selection so that's not really a point in their favour.\n\nIt was Matip & Fabinho\u2019s first game back from injury. Unlike Ole, Klopp isn\u2019t a moron and doesn\u2019t rush players back and force them to play more than they should. Keita is out and has been first choice for them this season over Oxlade-Chamberlain & Lallana too. They had 3 starters out, so did we.\n\n> And I love how you say our squad is shit because of the manager. Because Ed buys anyone the team needs, right? Fucking hell.\n\nEd is a whole issue in and of itself. He needs to go. But Ole needs to take responsibility too. \u00a380m spunked on a woefully average CB who he has now named captain. \u00a350m on a young full back who, while an excellent defender, doesn\u2019t fit the system when we\u2019re trying to play fast-paced counter attacking football. \n\n> Reffing was 100% biased and you have to be delusional not to see it. Even the neutrals are pointing it out game in, game out. And it's been going on for the entire season. I get self-flagellation but you don't have to participate, it can't be healthy for you mate.\n\nI\u2019m sorry this is just pure insanity. Neutrals are saying how incredible this Liverpool team are. Only delusional bitter fans of the big 6 and Everton are saying it because this Liverpool team frankly has no flaws. I\u2019m being a realist. I hate seeing Liverpool this good while we wallow in complete mediocrity. But you have to accept reality. We need to look at what they\u2019re doing and ask why we\u2019re not doing it, how we can do it, and then go and fucking do it. Yes; that starts with getting rid of the incompetent buffoon that is Ed, but it also includes refusing to accept anything other than world class - Ole is not good enough. Maguire is not enough. Most of our squad is not enough. \n\n > How the hell did \"Ole get found out\"? The barebones squad could have EASILY drawn and even won the game. \n\n\u201cBarebones\u201d. No, dude. We missed 3 starters. That\u2019s not bare bones. Bare bones is missing 7 or 8 or fucking all 11 starters like some teams have this season. This is fairly typical injury-wise. Ole is just clueless as to how to deal with adversary. He can\u2019t adapt. \n\nAnd to think we could\u2019ve easily drawn, and even won wow. We\u2019re we watching the same match?! Liverpool could\u2019ve and should\u2019ve been 4-0 up before half time. Their finishing was uncharacteristically poor. We had 2 good chances. No fucking way were we ever looking like winning it. A draw would\u2019ve been an absolute steal of a result given how they dominated us for the vast majority of the match. \n\n> Just like the Spurs and City games back in December he set up an awful squad in a way that gave us a chance.\n\nTake nothing away from us, we played well those games but equally Spurs and City were poor. You only need to look at the Carabao Cup game to see how Ole is going to start struggling more and more as the big teams adjust to his style against them.
You have your opinion and I can have mine. Giving the team we put out there if you were expecting anything other than a draw or loss you are clearly living a lie.
U already stated the problem in your comment . We dont have a proper plan for the club. 2nd highest wage in the world while having a bunch of deadwoods. Shitty transfer plan created it. Lukaku ? He asked to leave since March. Plus he leaving was not the problem here. Rashy has scored more than him this season. We need a throughout plan from top to bottom to solve everything. I guarantee in a year time if we appoint Poch right now u guys will call for his head because he has no players to support his style.
OK, supposing Ole does get the time and he has two transfer windows to get in a few good players then what? Does he have a style that's different from counter attacking football? No he does not. Anyway, let's see what happens with this team but I won't hold m breath that he will get far even with a fit squad. That showed towards the end of last season with the run of bad games
No need to get anal. I\u2019m just pointing out a double standard
lol, now you are quickly backtracking to try and call the truth anal\n\nYou are funny.  Reality is whatever you make it in any minute
5-1 then. Great result.\n\nI'm calling people entitled that are downvoting others for having a different opinion. This sub has got in to a lot of shit based on this and I've had enough of it.
Your statement wasn't made as opinion.  You said should.\n\nMy last few replies are all downvoted.  My positive statement about the game was downvoted (again).  Negativity like silly 5-0 statements and downvoting rules the sub
Makes me sick for sure.\n\nBut I'm not going to be in denial and not admit how quality they are
Yep. It's sad that this is what it's come down to.\n\nBut yeah, that's something I guess.
Taking any consolation I'll get
Why though?  They are obviously huge statistical outliers at this point as at no point have we even come close to repeating those results.    It\u2019s common to drop outliers in analysis, AND they are also the least recent results in the dataset.\n\nI think i read even with those results we are under 40% win rate, so even with all that never repeated form the manager has been underwhelming from a results standpoint.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 even If you were correct its the worst winrate a manager for MuFc has had in more than 30 years
positivity after losing 2-0 to our title winning rivals
The truth isn't positivity. It's just the truth.
And it's a good thing that you are not as well, because we would never see the end of Ole.
Good thing you\u2019re wrong, but keep making assumptions
When you're not happy with the way a club, company or the government is run, you call them out. You simply can't see your team slink into irrelevance and be quiet expecting a miraculous upturn in results. People responsible for this mess need to be called out and Ole does fall into that category. He's not as big a problem as Woodward or the Glazers but he is a part of the problem.\n\n>Peace out, brother\n\nLikewise. Have a good evening
[removed]
[removed]
Rashford was set for his first 30+ goal season, Martial set for 20 maybe 25+ goal season, both of which fans were crying out for. Yes they were good before but you cant say they havent progressed this year.\n\n\nAt the start of the season so many fans were saying Fred and McTominay were not good enough and theyve both been good performers this season and have changed many peoples minds.\n\n\nNot even getting into the Ole in out shit because this wasnt about that
Even if all these things were by Ole\u2019s hand, its still outweighed by all his other ineptitudes. The Ole In and Out is a part of this discussion because to be Frank the only positive thing is Fred and McT have gotten better. \n\nRashford started playing Well again only after the whole world agreed with what Mou said 2 years ago and Ole started playing him on the left again.  Hence why he always has been good for us. Always scored in big games too even before Ole. So was martial. Fred and McT i can concede. \n\nBut dont forget the fact that Ole sidelined McT because he wanted to have his own vision imposed When Mou was sacked by benching \u201dMou players\u201d such as Fellaini, Matic, McTominay,  and playing players whom Mou had issues With (pogba,martial,Jesse) only to then realize mctominay is actually a decent player and start playing him more.
Because when I see posts prefaced with 'Dude' and 'Bro' talking about how Liverpool are the greatest of all time and how we had a 'good' performance, it pisses me off dearly. People should take time to read up on the history, prestige and greatness of Manchester United before they make comments.
Chill out dude, hes a fan of united too. Bro.
This seems totally unrelated to the vitriol about the use of an abbreviation, my friend.
HAHA mate Bruno can chill beside DDG entire game he'd still be better than Pereira
From your post history...?: 'Definitely ass a though I do admire boobs too. Ass is just amazing. It can be exercisex and contoured to perfection. It feels great. It's easier to stare at when walking behind someone. Every e has one so it's super relatable. Nicer to grab. Anal'\n\nGet back in your hole weirdo, calling me a lost cause. I'm just upset United have regressed so much.
Thanks for taking so much interest in me. Glad to be able to lighten up your sad life for a few seconds :)
Ok let's say they played better than I thought they would. We've seen more misplaced passes, duels lost, possession lost etc against far less threatening teams.\n\nYes of course we're Man Utd and we should expect to create many more chances, but if we're realistic it wasn't a *bad* showing considering we're missing MCT, Pogba, and Rashford.\n\nThe reality is even without those injuries, the current Liverpool side is a team with heaps more quality, and I think we played well in defense for most of the game to neutralize them. But I agree our best attacking performance came after the 70th or so.
i can agree with most of that, i just don\u2019t think it qualifies as \u201cwell\u201d considering how poor we were all around for long stretches. just because we\u2019ve been worse, that doesn\u2019t mean we were good.
You're talking rubbish. They all know who's in what contract talks and all the rest. He felt they had fucked him off and could get offers. Why wouldn't you look for a better deal if you could get one. All clubs know as a free agent clubs can throw money at players because theres mo transfer fee. How can you in any way blame the player. This was the fault of the club for not tiying the player up sooner
I actually don\u2019t mind that he went looking for other offers. However, the second he started doing that, I realized a lot of things he said was just BS to get on our good side.
\"clueless American.\"\nI dont give two shits about him being an American, his opinion completely disregarded the good spells we had in that game, which made me suspect he didnt watch the match but only the highlights. Which alot of americans do because they have work in the morning. And this is an american site.\nBeing from a specific country doesnt qualify you as an expert or as clueless, this is you projecting
What are you on about?\n\nI watched the whole thing, and I'm struggling to remember any \"good spells\" that we had. In the last 10 minutes, when we actually managed to get hold of the ball, we still looked toothless.
lol, whats next? You gonna accuse me of sexism?\nLook at my other replies, not 2x shits are given about your nationality.
Just give him time. He is our coach anyway. The season is already fucked . If he is still shit with the full squad and some improvements then i will take back everything i said here.
I don\u2019t really care mate. I\u2019m just pointing out how most of the comments here a month ago were how we should have been 4-0 up inside 20 minutes. There\u2019s nothing to \u201cprove\u201d. Even if the xG last month was 2-0, it still doesn\u2019t change the fact that some of the most upvoted comments here were that we should have been 4-0 up. Likewise, this performance suggests we should have been 4-0 down today but didn\u2019t
>I\u2019m just pointing out how most of the comments here a month ago were how we should have been 4-0 up inside 20 minutes.\n\nNo they weren't\n\n>There\u2019s nothing to \u201cprove\u201d\n\nSo you can keep making up that alternate history
I've just upvoted your comment back up as you're promoting discussion.\n\nI don't want negativity to rule the sub, but my \"silly\" statement was closer to a true statement than saying \"We were unlucky to lose that\". The hammer and the nail is that we weren't good enough, and were fortunate it was only 2-0.\n\nI'm not going to cry about it, but I'm not going to try and pick out positives that aren't there either as that's what we've done for months, it's as simple as saying we just weren't good enough.\n\nBut to end it on a positive that I'm very pleased about and certainly was there - Fred was superb... Again.
Here is the xG from today:\n\nToday\u2019s game: Liverpool - United 2.01 - 1.43\n\nSo if 0.01 is fortunate then weird and the 1.43 wasn't unfortunate then that is really weird.\n\nWe played really well with the players we had.  Negativity is really bad because many people are getting pissed with people who refuse to get into negative exaggeration.
Good thing you're wrong as well.
I\u2019m pretty certain I\u2019m not wrong about the fact thst I\u2019ve said I don\u2019t think Ole should be a long term option for United. So keep being a knobhead.
[removed]
[removed]
Yes, it's pretty sad after the loss today. At least you cheered me up :)\nTry to keep your head up, especially walking behind girls.
I can't, you mom prefers I look her in the eyes
If you're employer fucked you off or made you feel a bit unwanted it's an easy choice. The state of the club at the minute I'd be surprised if more dont go the same. A lot of talent, I think there comes a point it's not all about the money. You'll still get paid well elsewhere and enjoy  it
> If you're employer fucked you off or made you feel a bit unwanted it's an easy choice.\n\nHis employer didn\u2019t fuck him off or make him feel unwanted. They gave him a contract with a decent wage. There were reports that we offered him 125k. That\u2019s a fair wage. If he thinks he deserves more, he\u2019s more than welcome to search for them elsewhere. I don\u2019t hold that against him. What I do hold against him is the fact that he likes to use PR to paint himself as the guy who puts the club first, while doing something else on the side. When he first joined us, he said how \u201cimpressed\u201d he was by our supporters in a match against Bilbao. When he joined PSG, guess what he said? Yeah that\u2019s right, he said the exact same thing to their fans , who by the way ripped up our seats and caused thousands in damages. If he wants to go for more money, then admit it. Why does he have to hide his true intentions by saying the right things to appease fans?\nHe knows how to play supporters to get them on his side and in this case, he was able to convince a lot of our supporters that the club was in the wrong. This is the same club that used to pay Ashley Young 120k per week or Jones 100k+ per week and has shown repeatedly that it would prefer to renew contracts than sign competent replacements. You don\u2019t think they would have given Herrera a decent offer? Come on man, I know you\u2019re not that naive.
No we had decent spells in the early first half, and we had decent spells in the second half. \nWith 53%-47% possesion and 16 - 9 shots, the stats back that up.\nAnd when you consider that we missed 3 of our most important players against peak Liverpool, its not that bad. \nAt 1-0 with ten minutes left, it wasnt impossible for us to salvage a point.
> No they weren't\n\nGo back and look at the match, post match, and half time threads\n\n> So you can keep making up that alternate history\n\nSince you like xG so much, let\u2019s look at the facts:\n\nToday\u2019s game: Liverpool - United 2.01 - 1.43\n\nCity game: City - United 2.07 - 1.63
>Go back and look at the match, post match, and half time threads\n\nlol, I did.  I suggest that you go check or look up the meaning of the word 'most'\n\n>Since you like xG so much,\n\nI don't like it that much.  But maybe in your alternate universe (which doesn't actually exist) I do.\n\n>Today\u2019s game: Liverpool - United 2.01 - 1.43\n\nWhich proves that the 5-0 claim is full of shit
You are the knobhead, did I even insult you? If you can't stay civilised don't comment.
You said I\u2019m wrong when I said you were wrong about saying if people like me were in charge Ole would be here forever. When I\u2019ve said the opposite but you wanted to act like a dick about it
[removed]
You're an overweight taxi driver from Rochdale, pipe down.
Lol I hit a nerve there
I still think he was a good guy who took a better offer with better prospects. How can you quote those figures and the players associated and at the same time question his offer. You know the clubs top players are on alot more so perhaps it was cumulative factors ( perceived low offer and last minute contract). If he wanted more and they wouldn't give it him then he leaves. That's how it works, simple. \n\nAs for what he chose to say to fans who cares. If it helps gets the fans inside and he plays better for it what's the problem. He's done a great job for us no matter what was given to him. If the club are stupid and give too much to people that's their own call. If I offered to double you're wage for nothing you'd take.\n\nThis whole thing boils down to the club not siging him up earlier and at the same time having a shit/no wage structure. If they made him feel wanted and paid him something closer to what he wanted he would still.be here. Good old ed staring again. Allowing players to enter their final.year before sorting contracts is a weak negotiation position. The recruitment is another story altogether.
> If I offered to double you're wage for nothing you'd take.\n\nLike I said, I don\u2019t hold it against him for holding out for more money or walking away when a better offer came in. Good for him that he got a great offer. I just don\u2019t buy his BS. If he wants to get fans on his side, he really shouldn\u2019t be repeating what he says to his previous clubs. It makes him look like a phoney, and a large portion of our fan base is starting to see that. I don\u2019t think he\u2019s a bad guy, but he is one of those people who can be quite disingenuous.\n\nAs for the rest of your post about wages and whatnot, I agree that we should have signed him earlier. But at the same time, I don\u2019t really blame the club for not giving in to his demands. Part of setting up a good wage structure is realizing when to say no and I think the club were right not to pay him what he wanted. They should have brought on someone else to replace him but that\u2019s just their own incompetence
> Which proves that the 5-0 claim is full of shit\n\nIt also proves that we shouldn\u2019t have been 4-0 up against City which is what I was talking about in the first place.
lol in your whataboutism based on your made up strawman\n\nthis chat branch is about the 5-0
I'm entitled to my opinion, you're entitled to your opinion. There's no need for insults.
I dont really care what he's said tbh. If it's the same and their fans lap it up good on him. Why hate on someone for wanting better. It's up to his new fans if he's genuine. He's not a united player so just remember him for what he was good at and the board for doing a shit job retaining players we wanted. There's no real loyalty from many players anymore..fuck some guys play and dont really even like the game. It's a job and for alot a short one. The money is insane buy still you make what you can. That's it really so nothing to feel too sore over. He didnt force his way out like young so what's the problem?
When did Young force his way out?
When he refused to play? For the Norwich game.
Source? And don\u2019t quote di marzio, that guy has zero credibility left. Iirc, Herrera was also missing for the last set of games in his final season. It seems that Ole freezes out players who are expected to leave the club.
Think theres difference between freezing out and not depending on a player who isn't staying. It was in a few papers probably 3rd tier stuff. After that then emerged he turned down new contract offer.
> 3rd tier \n\nSo it\u2019s most likely speculation \n\n> he turned down new contract offer.\n\nBasically the same thing that Herrera did
But they only offered one after he got interest from elsewhere. So do you want the player or not. If you do why wait its stupid. It might be speculation but strange he wasnt even on the bench and def not injured. It was a story in most newspapers. So probably some truth in it. Would you have kept him until the end of this season or sold him? With the lack of depth surel5keep him for just over \u00a31M\n\nOn hererra he was offered a new contract in March of his final season. The season before the club waited until 5 days before his contract was due to expire before triggering a year extension?\nSurely the year is to stop clubs taking you're players for free. At that point negotiate a new deal. These players are the same next theyll fight to try and keep matic or something equally ridiculous
Our players played their heart out. Just so heartbroken, I was hoping so much for an equalizer
It\u2019s so heartbreaking.. DDG with the passion as well, wanting to come out to attack the corner..\n\nI\u2019m proud of the team though, we put a fight out there
Why did OGS tell him to go back? I don't care that Salah would've scored a lot easier if DDG hadn't been waiting in net -- you still throw the kitchen sink at them!
Literally disgusted when Ole told De Gea to get back in goal. This means more to all of us than just some league game. One goal difference in this game won't decide European qualification for us this year.   \n\n\nCherry on top is that in hindsight...they scored anyway, with De Gea perfectly positioned in goal. A weekend to forget.
People on r/soccer saying he could've done better, making that run at the end of the game, that's so commendable by him.\n\nAlso I have no clue why Ole didn't let de gea come forward.
Because Ole isnt a good manager.
\nThought we'd see a replica of Ole's challenge against Newcastle, oh well, did his best can't fault him.
I was waiting for an Ole special and for him to just take him out, but would not have been worth the ban.
Exactly. We can lose every game, but so long as the players are giving everything they can like that, I won\u2019t be mad at them.
He was soo fast, his legs were shuffling like mad to get to salah.
Dan James\u2019 work rate baffles me if only we could get him the ball in space
James should\u2019ve kicked the shit out of that cretin
We'd still have lost and we'd have a player missing when we're desperately short already.
Van Dijk was the best player on the pitch. Not even close.\n\nScored the decisive goal and a complete brick wall at the back. Incredible player.
What the fuck
I mean Alisson had a masterclass, credit due
He booted the ball into row z at any ounce of pressure
I'd argue Shaw also put in a decent shift
The ref played advantage because Liverpool had the ball
We've been grinding our best players into dust with no decent backups
Yep, hate to see it. The lack of depth is criminal.
No, I agree. Even Grealish is a better option if we\u2019re hell bent on \u2018PL proven\u2019
Grealish is the type of player you could build your team around. Calm on the ball, decent finisher and good vision. He\u2019d cost about 40m less than Maddison as well.
This
As is Haaland...
Definitely
Greenwood will stay for a while, not concerned there.  \n\n\nMake no mistake though, Rashford is currently playing his heart out and advertising himself to the countless elite clubs who are short of a leading striker. Barca, Real, PSG, Juve, Bayern would all start him...there are even sides in our own league where he could easily go and have better prospects of silverware.
Why would MG want to stay here if we continue the free fall that we've seen since Fergie left. He's one of the most talented finishers I've ever seen at his age and if he has only a sliver of ambition he'll want a career where he can win silverware and play in the Champions League and at the moment the signs are pointing to him not getting that here.
Maybe he should bury those chances before thinking things like that
I felt so bad for him everytime someone screwed up a simple exchange with him. Guy can\u2019t even show the world what he\u2019s made of with such mediocrity around
you forgetting that chance he blasted over from 8 yards out today?
Keeps improving? What kind of improvement have you seen so far from Chong?
The word \u201cif\u201d implies that something is not certain....
Yeah, he had to play solo against Henderson, Wijnaldum and Pereira
He passed the ball to pereira alot who then lost it
The disrespect... I suggest you watch the whole match again maybe 10x to see what he did for us today.
His job was to transition the ball and hold onto the ball. He did both of those well while also being open the majority of the time in wide spaces or as an outlet to the other players.
Being open isn\u2019t a positive it means that the team is so unconcerned about you they don\u2019t mark you tightly
He created 2 chances, most of any United player.
What two chances? The martial miss was from Andreas, he ran at the goal and had a shit shot that wasn\u2019t on target
Fred plays in a double pivot alongside Matic. His job isn't necessarily to create opportunities, but to disrupt defensively, and to help the transition when playing out of the back. Pereira is the one largely responsible for the creativity and was absolutely piss poor today.
Weird because when pogba plays that position he\u2019s our main creator and if he doesn\u2019t create he gets massive criticism
Fred gets waaay too much praise. His close control and turns were great today but he also had some wayward passes and his tame shots ruined a few attacks
Pere-\n\nThe ball goes to Trent.
And James passes it back to Pe... Easy pickings for Trent and forward to ....
I swear the couple of assists he had paper over the cracks so much. He just seems to always choose the absolute worst options.
Every once in a while he\u2019ll have a great performance and make me think maybe he has a future here. But then I\u2019m soon reminded just how average he is.
Maybe he saw the stat that we lose more when we have the ball. \n\n4d Chess
He had a really good pass to put Martial in an excellent position, and he was inches from scoring on the cross.
That\u2019s the thing with him though. He\u2019ll have 1 or 2 good moments in a game but a plethora of annoying mistakes.
And not getting into top 4 years in a row and having the reputation we have now is sustainable for attracting top players? It's a cycle and only good negotiator can break it
Well we we need to stop going for the obvious targets.
Or because our other option is to play League 1 quality players ?
Don't insult league 1, lingard and Pereira won't start in those teams.
No let\u2019s not pay at all and play pereira week in week out yea? Fucking idiotic way of thinking
Your way of thinking is short sighted, this season is done for. Might as well not overspend so in next years we can buy players in market value for once
Mate, come on now! We absolutely need him. Rashford is already out for 2 months. How the hell can we even think about top 4 with 3 of our key players missing? We need either a creator or a goalscorer and Bruno is a midfielder who can help us in both those departments. We absolutely have to get him.
As long as we don't overplay him and he gets injured as well. We only have two strikers unless there is anyone else from the academy that can allow us to rotate, our squad is too thin for the amount of games over the next month. Some of our better players have looked tired and ragged for a couple weeks now, it's going to get worse
Possibly at 0-0 but 0-1 down and a player down at anfield would be a lost cause
We wouldn't have had literally every single player bar De Gea forward for a corner 15 minutes earlier.
Did you miss the never you muppet?
Nah we were dogshit for several periods and they were unlucky not to be 2 or 3 up by 65 minutes in.
Unlucky? The dogshit amount of yellow cards we were getting and not even fouls for them for the same thing?\nWe could have also scored with those tap in chances and one martial missed.\nWe were not the better team. We were not clinical nor had that finishing touch. But boy did this scoreline don't show game. They were more poor than us in several chances and still we couldn't score is the most frustrating thing I am taking from here. Missed both mctomy and rashford and by a lot.
Would have slagged him off when we got no forwards and Periera is playing RW on Wednesday as well lmao
Yeah, he looks like his legs are water balloons. Just looks totally knackered.
He is superb 1 on 1, but lacks position skill.
He's young. It's the coaches to teach him.
He\u2019s 22
true, my bad. but definitely hes not the problem
Don't forget McTominay, who played thru injury for 93 minutes in game that was already won.
Ole needs to stop playing players just because they say they can.  Repeatedly doing this is worrying.
He played the rest of the half not a full game, and he was never seen by the trainers so there's nothing they could've done about it since Scott didn't ask for the trainer. Don't have to over exaggerate everything to make your point.
Feel the same way mate. But don't listen to those who blame this on the medical staff
Any clubs that would risk long term human health over pressure over the manager is a scum and shouldn't be a club.
Lol there\u2019s like entire sports (ahem nfl) that do this. Lots and lots of clubs do this, John Terry basically played years on painkillers. That\u2019s the sad reality but it\u2019s definitely more common than we think
I disagree. We need depth to rest and manage players.
shut the fuck up he's not good enough
Exactly. Like today\u2019s game went better than anyone should have really expected, yet you see everyone losing their minds and talking about the overhaul this club needs.
The long term impact is the same, if it is not managed properly.\n\nIt's not like fast bowlers are aliens.
Dalot has to play again at some point though
He does, but balancing giving him minutes to build fitness with giving AWB a rest is going to be tricky.\n\nI thought of suggesting giving Laird a game but then I think he's injured/coming back too
His crosses always scream \u2018exhausted\u2019
If we hurt him as well the FA should seriously ban us from signing any more players, for everyones safety.
I think that'll only make it worse hahaha
Where do you come up with this level of stupidity? The FA should ban the team you support for safety???
Best performance yet.
Better than our midfield does not mean insane. He got nugmeg again this match...
He's likely to be out until at least the end of Feb after Ole risked playing him with an injury last game.
oh no...
^Fred, not Rashford. Rashford is class.
Didn't say they were lucky did I?
> We had Martial missed a big chance and that's abt it.\n\nPereira inches from scoring.
We were lucky they missed a few close chances, but unlucky that we missed ours. Pereira had a very close chance as well.
yea that chance was prime. gutted he missed it
he wasn't marking VVD. VVD moved to where Williams was standing. Since we were Zonally marking and not man marked he was able to exploit the mismatch
VVD moved to where Williams was standing. Since we were Zonally marking and not man marked he was able to exploit the mismatch
Or its his bosses, the ones that hired him and that dictate the culture of the club.
Ye but. What would happen if you removed the top 3-4 players from Liverpool? \n\nWell ours are injured.
they would probably batter us lol.\n\nThey beat Barca 4-0 with Origi and Shaqiri on the pitch lol.
lol what? Liverpool were dreadful in front of the goal. The match could\u2019ve been 5-0 in the first half easily. We should consider ourselves lucky
> Even with all our players fit we would've lost.\n\nYou are saying if Pogba, McToniay and Rashford were fully fit then we would have definitely lost despite still being the only team to have taken points off Liverpool ? \n\n> we still lost to shit teams then\n\nI would not call the team that just won a fucking CL trophy and is on course to win the title unbeaten a \"shit team\"
He means we lost to shit teams with full squad in the beginning of the season.\n\nI feel we have improved on that issue though.
Matic did
Should be the first requirement, not the only
>Premier League titles.
I thought we sang \"20 times 20 times Man United\" though? Do we not count the 7 titles we won before the league got a corporate rebranding?
Their job is to keep the club profitable, not successful on the pitch. United would have made a loss last season without the sale of Lukaku and revenue is predicted to go down.... So you have to ask, is the money even there for Bruno.
Being profitable goes hand in hand with being successful on the pitch. We can't afford to stay this bad because we will miss out on UCL money and part of the Adidas money.\n\nI'm not sure that Lukaku bit is true, but if we have 140m to spend in 2 defenders, we can afford an attacking midfielder.
> No words for it.\n\nUnacceptable \nFarce \nJoke \nDisgraceful \nIncompetent
Good words my man
wE Wont BE HelD TO rANsoM!
You still get knuckle draggers on here that agree with not signing him in the summer because they didn't want to overspend. As if it's their money the club is using
Spending even 30 million extra last summer would have been worth it just for the sanity of the fans alone. Imagine how happy people would have been. Imagine how much intent it would have shown.
Which we\u2019ve needed for absolute *years*. Who was the last actual right winger we had? Valencia before he became a right back?\n\nRecruitment is a joke.
It's a bit sad that AWB is our threat on the right side.
I'll give you that, zonal marking is a disastrous tactic and I firmly believe in man marking for set pieces.
Woodward is responsible for the long term failure of the squad since he took over but Ole has to take responsibility for many things going wrong so far for sure. \n\nWhy are teams far below us ability wise able to play better football with worse players? Why does Ole continue to make late substitutions? What is our attacking strategy when teams sit back and how do we set up from set pieces?
Well the obvious response is he\u2019s shit but don\u2019t tell this subreddit that
[deleted]
And? He could\u2019ve had them warming up sooner? Sure the bench isn\u2019t great but we needed something different
Because a lot of reddit doesn't like nuance and loves to act like things must always be black and white. Like how the poster above said this isn't on Ole, and started naming Ed's deficiencies as a CEO as if that absolves Ole's poor in game management(and mishandling of our players fitness levels).
I think he did make a couple of key mistakes, should have started Mata over Pereira and made his subs like 15-20 minutes sooner.
Fuck off. Who do you want him to play when everyone else in the first team is injured?
Mata
Doesn't matter that he can run if he constantly running down dead ends to nothing. The amount of times he just ran around the edge of the box into another player was so infuriating.
Pereira and Lindelof looked out of their depth. Matic is just past it. Think James was just exhausted and had no real support from AWB on the flank.\n\nPereira, Lindelof and Matic all need to be replaced.
It is a big deal that an offensive player at a supposedly top side who gets more than enough minutes has less assists than a goalkeeper.
Yeah we all know how bad he's been. I don't see the point in constantly banging on about it. It's not gonna change.
Right, they're on their way to playing one of the best seasons in league history, but sure let's try to talk shit about that. Fucking hell, it pains me that it's the fucking Scousers that are playing like that, but it's just pathetic to pretend it's somehow luck or something...
Dude, they\u2019re 16 points clear of second and with a game in hand.\nThey\u2019re spanking the league right now.
Don't understand the comments and downvotes on Lars, it's obvious to anyone and even a good friend who is a scouser (sadly but I deal with it) doesn't think the football they play is particularly impressive. Everything has lined up perfectly for them - if you watch their games this is obvious. I don't expect their success to continue like Man United's recently did for well over 20 years, as other top teams catch up.
lol behave! We're on course to break the PL record, the other teams are an irrelevance this season.
Unfortunately his performance will get buried away in this defeat. He was running our mid field because Matic didn't have the legs and Periera seemed like as if his mind is not there.
Pereira\u2019s mind was there but he\u2019s just shit.\n\nFred had a good game and was our best player all things considered but was not \u201cphenomenal\u201d imo
Their injury record is so good because of things like this though. \n\nIt was like a switch, 55 mins the intensity died, it's definitely intentional.
I mean you could say De Gea's weak but this isn't your average bloke jumping into him there. \n\nVan Dijk is not only tall and heavy but he's also powerful and athletic. Most people would struggle to boss him in the air.
True Van Dijk is a tank
Just for being a Liverpool fan I wanted to down vote you.....But I didn't . hahahaha
Yeah, you guys are right. Given his height he can't do much at corner kicks but to stay a little back and see what happens
Small club mentality from them, to be expected for a club to win their first ever premier league title.
[removed]
I know.
There are too many idiots in here who really dont seam to understand even this basic statement.
Hurtig their pockets won't get us better players either...
Other teams spend with a better plan in mind rather than our weird scattergun random approach to transfers over the last decade
De Gea and AWB are good enough but don't suit Liverpool's style. Maguire, Pogba and maybe Rashford would start. Fred and Williams would compete for a place in the team. That's 7/11 players that are good enough, not bad if you ask me.
Who would Maguire start over?
De Gea fits the style but isn't better than Alisson. AWB doesn't fit the style and basically just does one thing really well. Maguire hasn't been good enough this season, I mean who was marking VVD? Pogba hasn't been good enough this season to make an argument for him, Rashford is good but would he work well in Liverpool's front 3? I dunno he's more of a selfish player imo and prefers to get the goals himself, the link up play isn't what defines him and you are competing against Mane. Squad player sure but Rashford isn't starting.   \n\n\nFred? C'mon man are you serious? And Williams is competing against Andy Robertson for a place in the team?? Maybe in 2-3 years mate.
I think McTominay would start along with Fabinho and one of Milner and Wijnaldum.
Did i say anything about Liverpool? Obviously all of us want to be at the top but you cant just compare our team to the best in the world rn and therefore call them shit. Arguably there are not many players at all thatd get in to that team because they've got their own system that works very well with the players they have.\n\n\nIn terms of quality we have a few plays imo opinion that do match theirs such as Pogba, Maguire, Rashford and few that come close like Martial and AWB.\n\n\nAlso take into account we're in a rut rn due to the last 7 years of SHITE recruitment. You're whining saying all our players are shit so what do you want us to do go and buy a Sanchez/Di Maria type player and then whine again?
Pogba is better than anything they have in the middle of the park.
Talent wise yes. Work ethic and character though, that's a different story.
I'd take Martial or Rashford over Salah any day
Over the bloke that finished 4th in the ballon d\u2019or... keep em coming.
This. I may not agree with the race part because I honestly don't think we're as scum as the Scousers but he does have to live up to unrealistic expectations and to constantly perform around the midfield he's provided with and to still expect him to not complain is wrong. Also, as great as Keane was, he had great players around him on days where he didn't drop a 10/10. And the bad performance was masked. \n\nIt glaringly obvious in the case of Pogba because on days he doesn't perform, the team collapses. He isn't untouchable and should be treated the same as other players if he plays bad but who do you bench him for? A lot many players don't bother working their socks off because their positions in the team isn't threatened. Shaw did everything today because he knows he'd never start a game ahead of Williams if he plays the way he plays. This is what competition does.
Race plays a factor in all clubs, because they\u2019re always a shit section of each fan base, but one of the reasons I\u2019m a Man U fan is the supportive fan base, and 97% of the fans on here aren\u2019t racist. \n\nAnd that\u2019s an amazing point on how do we hold pogba accountable if there isn\u2019t anybody close to compete. The media is toxic and I don\u2019t think they inspire pogba at all with their criticisms, but OGS is amazing at saying I\u2019m not gonna stand for your shit and benching players. Pogba works hard for the club, but I hope that this abuse doesn\u2019t break him until we get shit like Sanchez where they throw until they\u2019re transferred.
[deleted]
[removed]
I grew up in the 80s and all my loser classmates supported that shitty team because its too easy and unimaginative to support a winning team. I was the exception and after we beat them once in the 80s, the twats ganged up on me and tried to beat me up.  Then we went on that amazing run in the 90s and they all went terribly quiet. I actually lost a couple of close friends who couldn't overcome the fact that we were beating them year after year while they were stuck with the spice boyz. I fucking hate those ass holes now. Every single one of them.
>I grew up in the 80s and all my loser classmates supported that shitty team because its too easy and unimaginative to support a winning team.\n\nMate, you do realize you just described every United supporter growing up in the 90's > 2010 right? That's the vast majority of the clubs supporter base. You just called  millions of United supporters unimaginative losers for picking United as their favorite team when they were kids.
There is no LB in a three man defense
I\u2019ve got cash to burn. Let\u2019s go!
Unfortunately that's not possible. Glazers still control the club. The shares that they own have far more voting rights than all the shares on NYSE combined. So unless they want to sell, nobody can take the club away from them in a hostile takeover
Actually I just looked into it and you\u2019re absolutely right only by 24% of the actual club is available through various exchanges and mutual funds even if you were to gather enough 24% of coarse doesn\u2019t give you anything you would have to convince some of the investors from red football Inc. to sell some of their shares and although they control red football they are not the sole owners of said investment company
Ole will definitely rush him back as he has done before and with other players
I don't think so, I think the players aren't good enough. It's hard to use someone with the quality of Pereira, Lingard, Fred (come on guys he isn't good) effectively.
> Why would you get Championship level players?\n\nWe could more bodies in. Like James.
More bodies won't get us anywhere that we won't get right now. Matic, Jones, Rojo and the like are more bodies, yet they bring nothing good to the table. We lack first team quality players (more specifically, top 6 quality) not more rotation options. James was a long term investment for a squad/potential starter, you should never have more than a handful of those if you want to get anywhere.\n\nNot only is it a bad idea from a footballing pov, but also financially. Championship (and PL) players are insanely overpriced in the current market. Strikers from the Championship are being sold for between 15-20m, which is insane.  We would at best get like 5 players that would barely improve on what we have, while spending huge amounts of money.
Do you really think that we created enough situations? We had like 2 clear goal situations. Liverpool created so much more, the game could have ended 5:0.
They created enough to have scored 4 more as well
Yes and pep finished 3 points of 5th in is first season with increadible backing. Klopp finished 1 point above 5th that season with a better squad then we have now
Pep and Klopp have both shown they have something work backing can you say the same about Ole , also the team Klopp took over was much worse than ours
Not saying Oles perfect as that is the one area other then midfield we really need to improve in but honestly could anyone else do better? Maybe SAF but thats it really
What like when Mou took us 11 points of top 4 by christmas. He's a 'world-class manager'
At least Mourinho knew how to man manage. Knew how to coach set pieces. Knows tactics. Yeah he didn't play good football, but he's STILL been the most successful manager post Ferguson. Your point is moot.\n\nWe're only close to the top 4 because everyone else has been awful too. Don't let that cloud your judgement.
After finishing second with the same team?
He's the boss so ultimately it lies with him
We definitely weren't mate. We were pretty good after they scored, and held on when they were at their most intensive at the start of the second half.\n\nThe reason we were better after 70 minutes is because Liverpool play an incredibly intense pressing game which leave them tired in the end of the match. You could see on TAA for example, he was practially limping after DJ at the end trying to keep him in check.
this is pretty much all wrong, so i\u2019m not sure what to say.
Because Ed
There are good teams of course but that's one competition most teams don't concentrate on so we could take our chances. Inter will get CL anyway through the league and so will Ajax, maybe we also can if we ever capitalise on a Chelsea slipup, even Leicester could drop if don't keep their form.
Ole couldn\u2019t even secure Haaland... Probably one of the only players in the world Ole would have any pulling force for cause of their Molde ties. \n\nOle has to take some blame for the injury list. Some of you defend Ole like your lives depend on it. He\u2019s out his depth and is not the man to take United back to the top. That is guaranteed.
The problem is squad depth. If we had adequate cover for the likes of Rashford he would not have had to play so much. And i dont really care about whether or not Ole is manager. If we sacked him and got another manager in May i would be just as happy.\n\nStill does not change the fact that we have suffered from years of no plan, no direction and horrible investment from the owners/Woody and we are left with a squad that is not fit for purpose.\n\nPersonally i am not a big fan of Poch, but if say Nagelsmann took over next year he would still need a couple of seasons at least to clean up this fucking mess
Do you know who represents Haaland? \n\nDo you know who Haalands Dad is?\n\nYou are out of you depth / mind. That is Guaranteed.
[deleted]
Again, \"if we scored\". I just don't see the point in far fetched hypothetical scenarios when the reality is we were very lucky we were even still in the game by the time they started dropping back, they should have been 2 or 3 goals ahead by the 70th minute.\n\nWe got very lucky and still failed to capitalize on it and even let in another goal.  \n\n\n  \n\n\nAs for progress, after one year of Ole in charge I feel like we've gone backwards, not forward. Some players have progressed while many others have regressed to the point of being nearly useless. Even kids we strongly believed in like Chong and Gomes are on their way out. Tactically we're poor and we've been found out even in the one aspect we were good at, which is playing against stronger teams. This so called long term plan has proved to be a bust and we are less and less of an attractive club to go to, to the point even our best players want to leave. There's some positives in a sea of negatives, and our rivals aren't standing still waiting for us either.\n\n  \n\n\nIt's going to take far more than positivity to bring us back to where we should be at this stage.
Mata was creating things though. It's not really a coincidence that once he was on we were up in their box far more
I fucking hate them but they won the Champions League. I wouldn't say it at old Trafford but I would here because I'm making a logical, reason based argument, which isn't the case if I was there in person.\n\nWhy do you think Fred isn't any good? I think he's been our most consistent, one of our best performers for a couple months now tbh
I would never say that, and no United fan I know would say that, but to each his own.\n\nFred up until a couple months ago was really, really poor - and he was poor for a very long time, not even getting a look in until injuries struck. Every pass went wayward, he would lose the ball every time he received it, couldn't position - overall, awful. Recently he's improved, which is great - as you say he's been a consistent performer for a couple months. My problem comes from the fact that his current performances are the bare minimum we should expect from a central midfielder - fans here are making him out as brilliant, when really he is sorely average. I think it's a sign of our decreasing standards when he receives so much praise.
Yep. Some United forums are toxic at the moment
I haven\u2019t gone on twitter so I don\u2019t know what\u2019s happening on there but I can imagine-desperate attempts to go viral by slamming your own team relentlessly but i was worried on here would be meltdown city as it has been in the past but a large majority of posts I\u2019ve seen are pretty reasonably
Pereira genuinely has the decision-making skills of a cat
I do agree that Ole may not be the right man for the job in the LONG TERM. But the fact that he has cleared a lot of deadwood, promoted youngsters, led us back to playing attack football, and brought back culture to this team (I.e. not glacticos), is commendable to say the least.\n\nLet\u2019s say we replace Ole with Poch now, given the state of the board. Sure we would play better and have better tactical awareness, but will poch succeed and win titles for us? No. Not with this structure. Before we bring in a renowned long term manager, we need a structure in place.
I never understood why Ole get so much credits for clearing deadwood like he were the one signing off outgoing transfers, but the lack of incoming is fully on Ed.
So you think that players like Henderson and wijnaldum were world beaters before they went to Liverpool? Or chamberlain? Lmao. We\u2019re saying 3 players because those are three players in important positions like midfield.
>So you think that players like Henderson and wijnaldum were world beaters before they went to Liverpool? Or chamberlain? Lmao. \n\nWhere the fuck did this come from?
This is also ignoring the many chances Liverpool had and missed against us. It's all well and good having positivity, but I'm sick of hearing/reading the word \"rebuild\" every single season.
We created 2 good chances. Liverpool could have had 4 or 5 themselves. We were lucky to only lose by 2 all things considered.
And if they took their chances, it could have been 6-0. Bit of a nonsense statement...
You obviously don't get football.
Expected goals according to [Opta?](https://twitter.com/Caley_graphics/status/1218964798546771968) was 2.3-1.4 and according to [understat](https://understat.com/match/11865) was 2.01-1.42\n\nWhatever you think of expected goals stat, Liverpool were never scoring 6 unless they started finishing like [bayern did at white hart lane earlier this season](https://twitter.com/caley_graphics/status/1179142264267902976?lang=en)
So we weren't expected to win either which makes the original point....moot.
What chances did they miss? Salah missed an open net but I cannot remember any other good opportunities they created
Both out, clear the whole back room out and rebuild it properly from scratch.
Yea, sorry. Wasn\u2019t saying Ole out *instead.* Also Ed.
Which ones? The ones on crutches or the one with a knackered back?
Excuse me? \n\nMaybe the one who\u2019s gotten 3 assists in his last two games, and the one who\u2019s almost to double digits as an 18yr old?
I don't think we have the squad depth to do those things.
Fuck mate, dig me deeper.
Sorry man. Poor playing squad is just the tip of the iceberg i'm afraid
Exactly. OGS didn't do his research if he didn't know that all set pieces are mostly targeted to VVD for a reason.
It's a fucking beast vs a man. Who do you think will win?
Liverpool winning the league and a calm post match thread after a loss... Weird times
I'm not saying you're wrong, but damn, man, why such negativity? If we got Fernandes, his skillset might help with consistency against smaller team. One of our youngsters could fill in for one of our injured players and be a revelation.\n\nI'm not saying either is likely, but what's the point in supporting a football club if you can only see the negatives? We're 5th in the Premier League, I'm sure there are dozens of clubs that would like to be in our shoes. Sure, we're used to being first, but that never was a given, and some years with no titles but still some trophies is hardly the end of the world.
we\u2019re 5th because everyone is shit. This is actually our worst\nseason in 30 years
Negativity is reality to you people, I'm sorry. \n\nIF we get Fernandes, yes that's a big if considering it seems that United don't even have the money for him when you look at the financial accounts. \n\nAlmost every player we've signed has failed and just because he's bossing a shit league doesn't mean he'll do it in England with a totally dysfunctional United team. \n\nAm I supposed to delude myself or something? The club is in a desperately bad situation and it'll get a lot worse if action isn't taken, if you want to stand by and applaud the destruction of the club, then fine. I can take not getting any trophies, the issue is that the team and club isn't improving, it's the same people making that same mistakes over and over again.
We could have beaten them and I believe we would have with Marcus, Paul and Scott. They were missing chances and allowed us to have some. Very similar to PSG last year, where they were throwing away chances and suddenly they lost. It could have been the same today, but Tony missed his big chance and Pereira was dreadful in the attacking positions.
I 100% agree. We definitely could've walked away with a point today just have to put those chances away.
Bit naughty that the others were trying to bait them into saying something that would be plastered all over the headlines
Someone needs to say it that\u2019s associated with United, imagine if Neville was in that room for that conversation. It would have been very interesting...
He was offered a contract late in the day. He said others were negotiating contracts a year in advance and nobody ever talked to him about his. He felt insulted and rightfully so.
He was offered a new contract before the end of 2017/18, more than a year before his contract expired. He didn\u2019t sign it and chose to wait until he could negotiate with other clubs
I agree we are woefully short of competing against Liverpool personnel wise. \n\nOutcoached as in, Klopp has a style a tactic he's implemented since day 1, they \"play their way\" regardless of opposition, our whole strategy and style of play (if it can be called that) is far weaker, sit back and counter is weak, it's reactionary by nature. Our formation is poor, we don't have a 10 capable of starting for Manchester United, yet insist on a formation heavily reliant on one. \nDidn't make any subs till far too late.\nOnly properly started chasing a game we were losing around the 85th minute.\n\n\nRemember United of old how regularly a team would score against us once and it was as if they'd pissed off a sleeping giant we would instantly go after them, and typically to great result. That wasn't a \"we had great players\" or \"we had a great coach\" (despite having both), it was a mentality, it was \"the United way\". If we'd done that today and gotten battered anyway we could all feel better because fuck it we did it our way, we fought with aggression and offense, but we don't, we sit back and hope for a break off of the opponent's play, it's very weak.
Fair points. Our team has lost its identity since SAF left and now our most consistent identity has been players getting overpaid due to gross mismanagement. I do see a hunger and fire from a lot of the players that are left. Let's not forget klopp had a few windows (and even before he arrived they were tailoring the team for him) to really stamp his imprint on the team. I hope our manager gets to do the same. But my gosh I hope the manager to do it is Ole.
Ole's project isn't to solely give youth a chance though. It's well documented that he was promised more players and the board haven't delivered. We need someone actually competent at negotiations and player recruitment. Imagine if we had a solid No 10, another CB and a RW. We'd be in half decent shape but no one here can say that they trust Woodward to get anything done.
Have you seen some of the shit Dybala has done this year? Fucking imagine if we had him or someone on that level instead of Pereira/Lingard, then also imagine a healthy Pogba in midfield along side Fred or Scotty being the workhorse. Then imagine being able to sub Haaland in for Martial when we need something extra
For a brief moment it could have been, however that chance came in the 2nd half, could have/should have been 3,4-0 by then anyway and then he probably would have put it away
Could have been, but wasn't.  And despite the end result, Liverpool were on their back heels for a lot of the 2nd half.  Its hard to remember after a loss, but there still is just one team that has taken points from the scousers this season.  They do not become an easy opponent just because we hate losing to them, especially when they can field their best 11 while our most important players are injured..
Every minute of 95% of games since 1994
Then you should know we didnt get smoked like you said. \n\nIf Pereira converted that far post chance and martial finished the volley the game would had been 2-2. \n\nIts an away game vs Liverpool. Our squad was depleted.
Meanwhile Ed boasts another year of record profits. We could be bringing in 10-15 players a year like we used to. Since around 2015 only single digit ins and outs. Terrible.
>As good as he is, he wouldn't start in any of SAF's teams\n\nHe started Anderson a lot, behave.
And the Fortune, Djemba Djemba, Bellion, so yeah I stand corrected.
That too, but he has genuinely improved his game and formed a good partnership with McTominay.
Yeah I agree, martials espcicially
Missing our best players, including our top scorer and we conceded a corner and a goal right at the end against a freescoring team that are champions of Europe, are going to win the pl and have arguably the best front 3 in Europe.\n\nBut sorry for looking at the positives mate, we should all just blindly spam criticism and insult our own team.
Hey you, intelligent fan commentaries aren't welcome in the Ol\u00e9 is inept bandwagon!!\nWe should all get mad and throw stuff around like maniacs! Because WE ARE MANCHESTER UNITED WE SHOULD WIN EVERYTHING IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW BADLY OUR TEAM IS RIGHT NOW!\n\n/s just in case.
I think the score line reflects Liverpool\u2019s fixture congestion and awareness that United aren\u2019t good at coming back after conceding first. In nine games this season United have allowed the first goal - W1 D3 L5 - so I\u2019m pretty sure Liverpool\u2019s directions were, \u201cGo out, get a goal, then relax.\u201d
Where did I say it was enough? I said that the fight along with Fred being the best player on the park left me feeling relatively positive. I didn't even mention the fact that we had a good couple of chances to equalise that on another day we might've taken.\n\nBut yeah project all you want, yes I don't feel too angry that we gave the team that has beaten every other team in the league a good game while missing 3 of our best players.
Liverpool absolutely destroyed United in the first half and should have been at least 3-0 up. The default at United is that you should go out and fight, you're expected to go out and die for the shirt, it only shows how far the club has fallen that we're happy to see this... And if you can't fight against Liverpool, well then you shouldn't be playing for United. \n\nI have to ask, where was the fight against Sheffield when Ole said they wanted it more? This just means nothing for me because I know that next week they could easily go out and play like that again. Once again, the default at United is that you should give your opposition a good game if you're gonna lose, but there's no reason to suggest that we'll get this consistently week in and week out from these players moving forward so I just fail to see your point, we didn't lay down and die? With United at the moment, I guess that's some sort of consolation.
Accurate AF \ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffd\ud83d\ude0c
Someone with good tactics would've had VVD man marked in every set piece by Maguire, not have us set up in a zone like a bunch of 12 year olds.
\"someone with good tactics\"\nhttps://www.skysports.com/football/news/11678/9618105/zonal-v-man-marking-jamie-carragher-and-gary-neville-on-why-both-can-work-perfectly\neducate yourself
I mean we objectively were. There were periods of the game we controlled and had Liverpool on the ropes, that's a simple fact.
We had two decent chances that were fluffed by Pereira and Martial, at no point did we have them 'on the ropes'. The performance was pathetic and not up to the standard we should expect. You are really flattering this embarrassing performance when you make a post like you did, we were much, much closer to getting battered 5-0 than drawing given the periods where Liverpool were just missing chance after chance after chance.\n\nFans of small clubs say stuff like 'oh it could have been 5-0 to them, but we could have drawn!' not United fans...
I agree, he's overrated for sure. He didn't even have a good game today.\nI could feel the equalizer coming in the last 25 minutes, and that goal just felt like a knife to my heart.
The tides will change bro, matter of time. Gotta stick with our players atm cuz the board & Ed are so full of shit.
We didn\u2019t watch the same game clearly.
You can see all the Scouse cunts crawling out of the woodwork.
Sack woodward or remove him from the footballing side of things, sack Judge and get someone who can get transfers done, sack the medical and fitness teams as well cause its supposed to be their jobs to advice the manager and then maybe sack Ol\u00e8 if we still don\u2019t get results
Then we need new forwards if they aren't getting the message. Rashford and Martial are best when out on the wings and being able to run at their man and get into the box.\n\nWe need a Ruud/Yorke/Cole type of player who knows how to play between the posts and understands how to play between the posts.
Tbf Rashford has started making these runs regularly lately.
That\u2019s hard to say. With the talent in SAFs squad, Clev and Gibson looked like world beaters at times. I think Fred and Ando have a lot of similarities
You brought up a great point. But UTD has always had problems integrating brazilians in our squad. Must be something in the water or the way we're set up.
thanks my man! I appreciate you taking the time to answer!
We missed some very easy chances as well, every team in the league has dropped points against them.
I don\u2019t think I\u2019m delusional. That\u2019s what I think, I think he\u2019s actually doing a far better job than we give credit for. Yes it\u2019s shit but it\u2019s because the club\u2019s state is awful, he is rebuilding it but not being backed enough. Touching distance of the top four with a squad that is falling apart, and more importantly he is keeping the club sane and focused which is the opposite of the Mourinho days downfall.
Out of every manager in world football you think Ole is the one capable of doing the best job in our current situation? I am open to have my mind changed but I can't see how anyone could ever argue that.  \nThis games scoreline flatters us. They could've and should've demolished us.  \n\n\nTouching distance of the top four in a league where every big team outside of liverpool  is underperforming and looking quite poor.   \nLook I'm not going to pretend like we have an amazing squad, because we dont. But if anything this year was a year where we could've gotten away with it and made top 4.  Chelsea are a mess, lost their star player, changed manager and are above us.   \n\n\nHow can you even say the club is sane? We're rapidly falling in most aspects and no one in the club including Ole seems to be particularly worried.   \n\n\nMaybe I'm being overly negative but we're playing shit, uninspired football and we have been doing that pretty consistently for years.
[deleted]
Again man to man liverpool would outclass us every day of the week. Zonal is better we just don't execute it well
[deleted]
Wow raid? The fact that your head goes to that and not the fact that comment was 100% wrong shows your IQ. Keep trying though one day you may get out of your moms basement.
Plus rehab which will take another couple of weeks, which possibly makes it 8-9 weeks, and that's basically the season done.
What? Even if he takes 2 months to come back he'll be ready by April. The season ends in mid May, so he has quite a bit of time to make an impact, especially with European spots to play for.
I think he got a yellow
Yeah but the players are just one aspect of a failed transfer policy. There is no long term planning, there is clearly no communication between scouting and management, there is no one, who knows how to lead a club, it's all about cash grabs and hopefully fans will pay up. At a club with this financial abilities you should have for every squad member a plan A, plan B and plan C. Problem is we have a Frankenstein squad, thanks to 4 managers with completely different views on footbal and no one, who can sort out this mess. As long as Woodward is in charge of transfers, I don't see a way to progress.
He's remarkably unremarkable. It's time to clean house and he's a part of that cleaning in the summer i think.
yeah you are right we need to clean out more players but then we also need players in, we havent replaced Lukaku and sanchez yet which is crazy.. I agree that we had to get rid of them but replace them for fuck sake
Should have been rested for one of those games, then. The fixture list isn't a secret.
That requires managerial skills though
Underrated comment
Have to agree here. I think Ole had to pick between the lesser of two evils with the starting lineup. He knew we\u2019d have less possession so he was probably hoping it\u2019d be a 1-goal game about 60-70 minutes in before turning to Mata. My only complaint would be that he could\u2019ve put Mata in like 5-10 minutes earlier to give him more time, but you couldn\u2019t expect Mata to play a ton of defense against a fast, pressing team from start to finish.
I mean the man covered 70 yards to reach an own goal recently
Oh God.  Here we go again
That's what his only contribution is in thd game. Running back hopelessly to try win back the ball after he's lost the ball again for the 11th time in one half.
And also put Martial on, and inches away from scoring from a cross. He wasn't that bad.
I can run around a lot too. Gimme 100k a week pls.
Failure.
Every other team in the league has failed against liverpool.
But No Success.
> Also why does Ole wait till the 75th minute to make subs every fucking game?\n\nHe has subbed at 60 minutes in other games, relax. We looked as good minutes 55 to 75 as the last 15 minutes.
Mata clearly made a massive difference. How would another 15 min of him instead of Pereira not have helped?
Okay.  Bring him on in the 50th or 60th minute.  Watching Pereira stumble about for 75 minutes granted us nothing
Lmao losing the ball almost in the other teams box (ignoring that he won it back immediately) isn\u2019t a dangerous position.\n\nAlso, pereira gives the ball away far, far more frequently
[deleted]
Kill me
Just play Mata, he could handle 60-70 min :)
Apparently ole thinks he couldn't last 20 mins though, he brought him on at 70 mins if I'm not mistaken? Even when Pereira is absolute dog shit
Wolves are gonna tell us to fuck right off. No wat they sell their goal scorer this winter
Yeah wishful thinking perhaps. Who do we go for?
Tipping point for the fans. Until now there has been no united front against the Glazers, any calls for boycotts have been shouted down by top reds who bought into the narrative that we're moving in the right direction.\n\nI wonder how many of them are left after today.
Would you rather have Lingard play?
Could have sold Pereira at the start of the season. Ole can be ruthless if he wants, look how quickly Fellaini and Lukaku were let go.\n\nThe decision to trust Pereira and give him chances is 100% down to Ole. Deciding on a 4231 with effectively zero CAMs is also down to Ole.\n\nEnough with the excuses, Woodward this, Lingard that. Ole shouldn't be blamed for the state of the club but he should take some flak for his own decisions.
While I agree there is going to be pressure to get it over the line since we can't apparently multi-task in signing players
I just don't understand that at all. It can't be true? If we seriously cannot multi-task, we're fucked. There's no way around it, you don't have to be a genius to know that you have to build relationships with numerous players to use them as leverage.
Agreed
Haha.. Not a new fan but taking pleasure in whatever little shred of light I can find in this hell hole of a situation we find ourselves as a club
We did get rid of  \"The Poisoned One\" last year.
I agree with a lot of what you said. I think an overlooked part of the \u201cgive him time\u201d paradigm is that if results continue to be as bad as they\u2019ve been, talented players who are capable of improving United will probably have a second thought before agreeing to join. Why would you want to come to this club right now unless you were a die-hard fan? Money is one answer, but then you\u2019re back in the boat of only being able to attract players who are in it for the money, something which I appreciate Evra pointing out in his thoughts after the match. A lot of people are saying you have to give Ole time to bring in his players, but has he shown the ability to coach up any of the players we\u2019ve already got? It seems like at this point, the kind of manager we need is going to have to be able to make players better - something which Poch, at least, has shown an ability to do. From the outside looking in, if you\u2019re a young player, at least you can say to yourself, \u201cPochettino? Kane, Ali, Son - he made them better players.\u201d
Pereira was behind AWB when the pass was made, how was he offside? And the foul by Gomez before the first goal wasn't picked up by VAR. Plus the ref completely lost control of the game in terms of fouls by pool players.
AWB was offside. \n\nThat \u201cfoul\u201d is just people searching for excuses for a performance where we got battered by our rivals who are miles better than us rn. That *never* gets given. You\u2019d be livid if it got given against Maguire for example. \n\nWe were worse for fouling than them, take your Rose-tinted glasses off. Matic was lucky not to be sent off and we kept giving away stupid fouls in dangerous areas.
So what? We missed chances too
Whoopety fucking doo, the problem is they were still a lot closer to scoring more goals than we were from scoring our first.
Tbh didn\u2019t even think of that. Doubt he\u2019d be too happy leaving Inter who are challenging for the league and where he\u2019s probably happier, to come back to United and battle for 5th. Although we\u2019d be paying him 350k+ a week so he shouldn\u2019t complain too much lol
When did I say be content with it? I said if we don\u2019t sign another winger/striker. And with Rashford out, James and Chong are our only proper wingers, Chong is shit, Greenwood who will fill in both isn\u2019t a winger and is our back up striker. We can\u2019t have him play every single game which he might have to. At least Alexis is another option who can play on the wing or upfront. Winger is probably our most needed position along with number 10 while Rashford is out
Aparently we now have dalot and Williams to go forward as 'wingers'\n\nI prefer them any day.
He had a good game too, bosses the midfield easily on his own but there were some chances that he missed in the final third. Nevertheless, we definitely need to see players coming in this transfer. Even if they are short-term loans.
His legs? He's not pushing forty, and had he have started, united would have been more forward
He can\u2019t last the full 90 in a game like that, hell even AWB was gassed and that guy can run forever. Do wish maybe we brought him on earlier though.
[removed]
If we werent playing a back 3 then Wan Bissaka was probably our worst player today, nowhere Mane all game, jogging back from the halfway line while their players are approaching our box every time.
Maybe I misjudged it, and it was a 3-5-2 and tbf Lindelof took some throws, so you might be right.\n\nJames was playing RW and was tracking back, so I didn't think of a 3-5-2, but I was kind of in the zone so I might have missed some tactics.
What is delusional is saying Ole out when the man is playing an XI worse than Wolves player to player. I really feel sorry for Ole, if he had any decent management above him we'd all be discussing how he's improved Rashford, Martial, Fred etc.
I\u2019m not Ole out. I\u2019m Ed out.
Just because you don't understand football doesn't mean he hasn't got a philosophy. \n\nThe difference was Mourinho tried to get us results when he should have been developing a style of play, he didn't realise he wouldn't be backed.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 What stole of play had Ole evolved? 27% winrate. 17% If u remove the million penalties we\u2019ve been given and nothing looks close to be better.  But yes, YOU understand football. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Everything is black and white for you people isnt it?
Faaaaaaxxxxxxx
Lindelof doesn't have a single outstanding attribute. Not one. He's as average as they come.
Can't stand this myth that Chelsea play attractive football. They don't and people seem to think so just because they went on a good run of winning like 6 games in a row scoring a lot of goals, especially away from home. You're also spot on about their squad being better than ours and have suffered a lot less from injuries. \n\nPeople also claim they play with youngsters, especially Abraham. A lot of people do not realize that Tammy is the same age as Rashford, we don't exactly go around calling Rashford one of our youngsters do we? He's had loans at Swansea and Villa which has developed him a lot. Same goes for Mason Mount, a loan spell at Vitesse and even Derby last year with Frank. Our youngsters such as Greenwood and Williams have been thrown into the deep end and are doing very well for themselves which is way more impressive than what Frank is doing with his IMO.
He's 22 and has a lot of PL minutes under his belt now and he became a first team squad member in 2016, he's far from being a prospect in all honesty. Going forward he'll probably be just a squad option off the bench if United get better quality in his position. Someone like Sancho for instance who is three years younger would bench him most games
Yes you can, because he cant pass, dribble, cross or do anything except run fast
How can I not criticize his lack of end product? He's also the worst dribbler in the league. If Pereira and others who are not performing consistently are fair game then why should James be protected when he gets more minutes?
I just think that such criticism is poorly placed. We're not gonna achieve anything from it. If a player is not trying then that's fair, but it's clear he's got the right intentions and we shouldn't perpetuate negativity towards him. \n\nI was continually angry at Lukakus attention seeking antics, Matic's lack of willingness to move and Jones' poor defending last season. But this crop of players are trying and they need the backing from us. \n\nOur negativity should go towards the board and the Executive Vice Chairman.
He wasn't bought to be a starter, more like a speedster you throw on at the 60th minute to stretch tired defenses, just our abysmal squad depth meant that we have to play him as a starter
He definitely does. Why do you think he\u2019s hired Neil Ashton.
They will. But he\u2019ll think it\u2019s enough. I wouldn\u2019t even be surprised if we\u2019ve held off the Bruno signing so that we can do this after a Liverpool loss.
Okay well there\u2019s an obvious reason to that. Why do you think Mata starts against the mid-table teams or when we are at home sometimes against the bigger clubs? Mata doesn\u2019t have the legs Andreas has at all. Maybe years ago he did but not anymore. In a game where we wouldn\u2019t have the ball that much and need players to press and run for 70 minutes, that\u2019s why Andreas plays. Also why Lingard played over Mata those games as well
Everyone says that Mata doesn\u2019t have the legs anymore. Fine enough, I don\u2019t agree with that. What he does have is the one key pass that is needed in these games.
If rashford were fit we would have mata in the game for sure.\n\nIn terms of tactics I think that\u2019s the reason we played Williams and Shaw, because with rashford you would get similar tenacity, but he wouldn\u2019t allow TAA to push on as much. Mata would help balance out the midfield which I think was our weak point despite Fred playing well. \n\nAll of this is basically assuming a bunch of stuff, extrapolated from our increase in ability to keep possession (which lacked heavily today).
Andreas? He had a couple of good chances created. Again, I don\u2019t know what you expect. If you\u2019re expecting him to be KDB you need to readjust your expectations.
I think Ole would easily excuse Rashford for having a broken back. I don't see anyone here blaming him for not bringing an injured player.
Lol he was trying things to give us the break through and was responsible for creating 2 of our best chances
I\u2019m not saying he played poorly, however is passing was pretty bad today though. But yes he will need to definitely step up with Marcus out.
Fred for me as well
Meaning chelsea need 26 points in 15 games...
Yeah that's fine, although \"need\" is a far different prospect than \"get\"
Are you illiterate, I wrote some?
> shows how much standards have fallen around here...\n\nfucking deal with it then or stop supporting
Lol, fuck off.\n\nBeing a supporter doesn't mean you should take any shit the club serves you. It also means telling the people who are running it into the ground to get the fuck out instead of pretending everything is fine and living in la-la land.
Yes, we should deal with parasites destroying the club that means so much to all of us, we should just deal with that because, why? \n\nThere is no excuse for why Manchester United are in this mess and it is the fault of Ole and the morons above him that we are looking at the worst United side post SAF.
Our first shot on target in the first half came at like the 40th minute. Every time they attacked it looked like they were going to score. We were lucky not to concede a couple right at the start of the second half (like Henderson's shot against the post).\n\nI'm suprised people can look at this game and say we \"challenged them\". Honestly, we challenged them just as much as teams like Palace did.
Exactly. At no point in the game did we look more likely than them to score the next goal...
>If it wasn't for VAR\n\nYou mean if it wasn't for the correct call lol
I understand you, but I feel like the game was a lot more even than it could have been. I was pissed when I was watching it like so I may have seen things differently hahaha
lemme guess. middle aged man who was told that complementing liverpool was the worst thing you could ever do by his dad
No, not even close. You're welcome to go complement Liverpool, it just makes you a mug of a United fan.
Cos they are you fucking fool
Lol
I agree, and he obviously love playing for us. The reason I didn\u2019t name him in the first batch of names, is because I see Henderson taking his spot in 2-3 seasons. I love De Gea, and wish him to stay - but when we return to our old standards, I think De Gea will be replaced.
Call the hangman, most worthless man in fotball. I rate the fat Italian agent higher than Ed McScrooge
Shirt pull, should have done it earlier
There is negative and there is too negative. People need to control their expectations. This is a team which has beaten every team in the league. And we did not have our 3 best players in the team today.
Yeah, fair enough. Hard to be clear headed at the moment.
Thought Matic did very well getting the ball forward to the attackers, shielding the ball from their press and keeping some sort of possession. Thought Pereira was poor except that one 1-2 with Martial.
Hmm, dunno. I think he's more sideways crab ball and breaking up attacks. I am emotional at the moment so might not be thinking straight though! Yeah, Pereira was just nothing.
Yes with 3-4 of those clear chances coming from the first 10 minutes of the 2nd half. I have my opinion, you can have yours.
The Firmino goal that should have stood, the Wijnaldum goal that could have stood if the linesman hadn\u2019t flagged...
You don't know what you are talking about. Man to man with William marking Virgil ?\nLaughable
With what service
Can I borrow your crystal ball so I can see the lottery numbers for tonight?
Young rarely played and he got the armband this year. On the field I think it could go to Fred or Pogba as you said. But who knows if he even wants it. I just don't think that Maguire is the man for the job. There has to be someone else to step up or take the position
Yeah, Fred possibly, but from what I recall his English is really poor. He\u2019s still learning it but some people find languages a lot harder than others and I\u2019m sure he\u2019s far from fluent
Bring on exactly who he did bring on but early\n\nOr just start greenwood and/or mata
Greenwood is a clinical finisher, but he's not going to help with the build up. Mata struggles with the pace. We'd have a player who won't track back and a player who can't. Would've ended 4-0.
He consistently subs late
I\u2019d say it\u2019s pretty inconsistent, when was the last time he made his first sub in the 75th minute?
I\u2019d say De Gea isn\u2019t a manager
Just cuz you don't have Pogba behind doesn't mean you just give up. You gotta believe in all your teammates. Fred and Matic played their best. So many time they had to bring ball back cuz no one infront them was moving and creating space.
Oh I\u2019m mainly shitting on Pereira, who was awful. Fred did well and grew into the game well and most importantly showed heart. Matic clearly has lost a step but he wasn\u2019t a liability, which is all I can we can ask for until McTominay is back.
And some of the most poor decision making I've seen in my life.
Strange times when being close to Newcastle United under Steve Bruce is considered positive. Absolute imbeciles who think our squad even with injuries is close to the likes of Newcastle, Sheffield and Crystal Palace.
Yeah no. We need the revenue. Not being in Europe would be absolutely horrible for us. Nobody decent would want to join. We'd have to game bargain hunting in the Championship.
The quality of players we need wouldn\u2019t be swayed by Europa though, unless we massively increase our squad we can\u2019t cope with 4 comps and Thursday/Sunday schedule for large parts of the season.
Our midfield is one injury away from starting play levitt or garner.
We only have two midfielders injured. The issue is the poor squad, not the injuries.
Imo anyone who thinks that this Utd team can beat that Liverpool team is completely delusional, despite any tactics
5 3 2 was a perfect counter for Liverpool system and we created some decent chances ourselves..
Id rather see us take it to them than roll over and die, shoot me, but who cares about the downvotes, it's a stupid fucking app anyways, im here to support and look at memes
Soon meaning in relatively short time
I dunno what they see in Jose man.Ole might not be the answer but after 2 seasons,Jose wasn't as well
I\u2019d partially agree with both points:\n\n-\tPogba is a problem at United. Between having an eye elsewhere and then not consistently performing. He is a phenomenal player but more is required from him, his best position for us is further forward as he showed when Ole first took over. When he has played this season he has been played too deep to properly utilise his strengths. He also needs to either commit to United or leave. Enough of this bullshit!\n-\tMourinho needed more backing, he was woefully backed towards the end of his tenure but at the very end he lost the dressing room and needed to go. We saw when Ole first took over what kind if squad we actually had when it was fit and firing and everyone was played in the correct position.
I wasn\u2019t expecting anything out of this match but I really am pleased with how we played. We have to take our chances when playing a team like Liverpool and we didn\u2019t. Tremendous strides are being made on the pitch though and it\u2019s shown the last two months.
Absolutely. Managers need time and progress is there to see, the future looks bright but we desperately need to push on and add quality starting with Bruno. We have to get him.
What else do we have to offer then?
Lol. I\u2019m not saying we deserved a win, I\u2019m saying we could\u2019ve come away with a win, because we had the big chances. Thanks for the smartass comment though. Well done. And fwiw I don\u2019t see you disagreeing with anything with an ounce of logic.
And ignore Liverpool's chances? We could have scored 3. They could have scored 6. We were completely outmatched, people here focus on the last 20 minutes but are completely ignoring the first 70 minutes. Those first 10 minutes of the second half were horrific, they had us under seige.
I could make the case for three new players JUST in midfield, let alone for the whole team
No point getting rid of deadwood if you don\u2019t replace any of them though
It's a weird one because I agree with the majority of what you said. However Poch is clearly a higher calibre of manager than Ole at this moment in time, but what he did with Levy at Spurs was incredible and is comparable to what we need.\n\nThe board aren't going to go, I wish they were, but they won't. Woodward isn't going to go, I wish he was, but he isn't. So maybe Poch is the best we're going to get? I don't know the answers, but I just don't see the passion there from Ole lately and it makes me worry
Fair points. I'll admit I am a fan of Ole from the old days, and I'm Norwegian, so I'm probably biased. If he had failed with a good team, and with proper backing, it'd be a clear case of incompetence, but in the situation we're in now, I feel it'd be pointless to replace him. He seems to have a solid plan going forward, he clearly has a positive connection with the squad and staff, and I think making changes to the managing staff of MUFC at this point would simply perpetuate the slump; we'd be forever stuck in a mode of rebuilding without the patience to see it through. A part of the fanbase seem to want the managers head whenever the teams performance is below expecations.\n\nBut I agree with you. Thanks for a good post. :)
Why not?
You\u2019re missing Ole\u2019s response to RvP
Thats cause they sold Coutinho for 140 odd million...I don't think we sold anyone for that kind of money since Ronaldo...
Actually I rechecked and you are right, still low for a club that needed a complete rebuild...we are playing with a barebones squad right now, if we didn\u2019t have Rashy and Greenwood we would be even worse off...
We're playing with barebones because of the quality of the players we've brought in, or their suitability, or how they've been treated. Di Maria, Mkhitaryan, and Memphis - all players bought for a wedge and then moved on the next season. At a loss. We can't keep spending money on players that don't work out. Rather than saying \"we should have spent more\", we should be saying \"we should have spent more wisely\".
It\u2019s incredible how far behind we have fallen in the last 7 years. We definitely need to spend more but we have been unlucky with injuries to key players this season.
Only if the player doesn\u2019t touch the ball, yea? Never seen it when the offside player actually interferes
Ball still ended up in Allison's hands, that's why they let it go. If Mata gets a bigger touch on the ball they blow it dead. Don't think it has too much to do with if the ball is touched or not, rather the outcome of the touch.
Never seen it before is all I\u2019m saying
Probably just haven't registered it. It happens to every team every season. Usually when the ball bounces into the keepers hands or something like that.
Because no team has the ability to do all of those perfectly. This United team if anything can beat them. And we should have. \n\nHad Rashford been fit, Pogba, McT. We definitely would have managed a draw at the very least.
i mean.. just win right? aint that hard.
What makes you think other managers need much effort to outwit Klopp tactically? He plays the same way most of the time. Teams just need to find the same formula to beat him.\n\nGuardiola's team have become lousy once they lost Laporte. They become defeatable.\n\nAll it takes is for VVD Salah and Mane to be injured and Liverpool are in deep shit
Nice sarcasm there. I'm no tactician here. But it just shows that we were not hungry for the win. \n\nLook how Liverpool defeated Man City 4-3 to deny them the Invicibles title. If a team can play with such fortitude, resilience and tenacity against Liverpool, they can do the same thing. \n\nQuality as well. No team has quality to challenge Liverpool right now. Or the mentality is not right.\n\nIt would really take something special to beat Klopp's Liverpool.
I thought so too. We are staring to show a little\nbit more synergy. I have said a few time\u2019s I think we are 2-3 players away from being a decent passing side, but the one player I think we really need is a play maker type, to slow/quicken things up/down and take advantage of that movement.
This patchy squad lacks of depth in at least 5 position and the best player betrayed us. It's not Ole's fault
Yeah we have been fucking cursed this season. Everytime when there were momentums to build we lost a player. Not to mention the shitty board who always \" but we are still rich\" . Fuck this, fuck them and fuck the scousers.
> the best player betrayed us\n\nIf you're talking about Pogba here then you are clueless.
Poch didnt win shit with Tot. Idk why people want him so bad . Only a year with no trophy our so called fans will probably kill anyone who is in charged of us.
And you think Ole will win shit even though he's backed? Gime a break. He's tactics are not good enough and so is the coaching staff. We need someone who is a tactical genius and Ole is not.
No. We have to keep demanding the best coaches and players. It starts with getting Poch in who is a better manager than Ole.
I mean nobody is excited for that reason and you know it\n\npeople want to see what solskjaer can do with a proper midfield and some squad depth
More like outperforming him for the past 3 months
Rashford is represented by his brother. His brother discussed him being co-represented by Riola but ended up not doing that.
That's a relief.
Pretty sure most of the people here will think you are the delusional one.
If that\u2019s the case then there are a lot of uninformed people here. Probably wise not to speak for other people. That\u2019s just dumb to think Ole would risk a player\u2019s career out of hand.
How long do you expect dr?
2 months atleast, but without knowing its severity or history, can't exactly guess. But shouldn't be rushed or can worsen. \n\nAnd if he was already playing with a stress fracture, he was playing in hell lotta pain, now its 2 as per reports.
Lol at \u201creal doctor\u201d. But good insight. My 2\u00a2 is to ease him in or rest him for the remainder of the season, once fully healthy. If the medical staff even know what that is. \n\nI doubt we\u2019ll be playing for anything in May. That hurt writing that..
Wishing someone's death is not okay but yeah I feel it's okay now
 Not wishing death on anybody, he has deserved his critical though
It's supposed to be used for comments that don't contribute to discussion.
\" \n\n**BE CIVIL**\n\nIt  has been mentioned, but the toxicity and abuse towards the sub, within  the sub, and towards other subs has been too high. We as moderators have  our share of blame in this, but we want to stress that this kind of  behavior is not acceptable and we are taking these measures primarily to  avoid these things. We want [r/reddevils](https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/)  to be a place where anyone and everyone is welcome to discuss and enjoy  the best club on earth without fear of abuse or ridicule.\n\nWhich  leads us to 2 other small reminders. The report button is your friend,  we are way more likely to find and remove and/or ban rule breaking  comments if you report them. The downvote button is not a \"I disagree or  don't like your statement button\", better discussion is generally had  by using the upvote button more liberally and avoiding the downvote one  whenever possible.\"
Reporting spam. Not for disagreements.
How is that any different that saying we should have been 4-0 up against City last month?
That reply was really irrelevant.  Why the the comparison?\n\nObviously the same level of inaccuracy but not a statement which is supporting our rivals.
Why is it a silly statement? The sub is reaching for excuses when we just weren't good enough. It's the truth.\n\nWatch this game on MOTD and count how many clear cut chances were either overruled or missed by a lack of luck from Liverpool's perspective.\n\nI can assure you I'm not a fucking scouse fan. I just don't lul myself into a false sense of entitlement and just accept that we weren't good enough.
>I just don't lul myself into a false sense of entitlement \n\nThinking that Liverpool shouldn't have been 5-0 up isn't having a sense of entitlement.  It is having a sense of reality.  Thinking that people with that sense of reality are entitled is outright toxic and deluded.\n\nA rational person can see that we are worse than them and that the club and team need many changes all without being toxic and accepting that some things went well or ok given the circumstance.\n\nEntitled people expect to win and throw their toys out of them pram when we don't.
The problem is much deeper than Ole, or any manager. We could sack Ole for Poch, and #PochOut would be trending on Twitter in a year or two. \n\nThe owners are content with United's current ability. Gotta remove the disease to stop it spreading to new managers.
