We FINALLY responded to conceding by trying to score more and it worked. Hopefully we see more performances like this
Instant thought when they scored was typical United, fail to finish teams off and it comes back to bite us in the arse.\n\nThen we played probably our best football all season, could\u2019ve been 6 or 7 in the end! Made up with that. \n\nHope Macca\u2019s injury isn\u2019t too serious.
I watched Norwich. Preferred today, outside of martial\u2019s goal, of course.\n\nEvery single counter was a threat today in the 2nd half
I missed the game
If Firmino puts in that performance we wouldn\u2019t hear the end of it.
Firmino has players that would finish the chances though.
The maturity in his game is what makes him a step above everyone else in the team. Pretty much always makes the right choice. No longer playing like a prospect.
Well... he missed two passes to Lingard and chose to shoot with the left. Stellar, but he did make 1 or 2 wrong choices
[deleted]
Yup, went off on a stretcher after the game had finished, couldn't walk to the tunnel
He didn't know the contact was coming. It's why his ankle twisted so much.
He\u2019s hardly the sort to fake injury to miss out on playing for his country.
Subscribe!
I like it, but he could just as easily withdraw from international duty without an injury excuse.
His subs made sense to me tbh. Would have like the rashford sub a bit earlier but completely fine!!
Agreed. He was coming off a knock from midweek and it wouldn't hurt to just put on a defensive player over him for the last few minutes. Oles gotta sort out those subs.
He is overworking the players. Rash should have been subbed sooner too.
Honestly all 3 of our signings have been up there with the best we\u2019ve made since SAF left
For me, James is the best signing while Martial is #2 if he keeps it up. I also think Zlatan on a free was good business for that year as he significantly helped our team.
Not Maguire. He's probably better than what we had but nowhere a top CB. And we massively overpaid.
So much more confidence in that right flank with Wan-Bissaka there
Preach..
Lingard could have had a couple of goals if Rashford and Martial had looked up.
Lingards got one goal this year why trust that waste of space to score
Rashford should be largely greedy to an extent.  But I don\u2019t think hats his intent. I think this is where he\u2019s still quite young.
I wanted that so badly for him! I screamed like a little girl when the chance came.
Such a huge improvement, finally making passes up the field
I\u2019m not a Fred fan but he had a good game - not error free but miles ahead of his typical form.
A well-deserved ovation!
2 weeks till next game, hopefully fine by then
Hope he rests and doesn't play during internationals. Kid needs a break!
He\u2019s young and a tank, he\u2019ll recover in no time.
Created like 5 clear chances. He is such a big player for us.
Yeah I thought Martial was the MotM. Fred did have a great game though.
He was great on Thursday too though
Well to be honest critics were deserved. You expect more from a 50mil player. But he had grown since the Liverpool game, he shout the mouths of everyone
who would have thought regularly playing him will get him in form
In that case, it's the recruitment responsables fault.
This exactly the knee jerk reaction stemming from the mentality that has us sitting in 7th. He had one good game in ages and suddenly he's the next Schweinsteiger.\n\nHe needs 6 more months of good to great performances to win me over.
Good here, good against Partizan and the best midfielder vs Brighton.
And Dan must attacc
we played with a broken squad against a full blown liverpool side that hadnt lost a game. No1 expected us to even hold them for a draw
Even the other game in that run where we held them to a draw was with a broken team, with 2 or 3 injuries in like the first half
I'll have to think about that for a little while longer in that case
What if both?
Ceiling above my bunk bed?
definitely do it
Same with Rojo, a rock in the defense.
0 goals conceded since Rojo came on today
Either Pogba needs to come back for that game or Andreas needs to do what he's done today, but even better. It will be difficult fixture and we really need creativity in the midfield. Also, I hope McTominay will be able to play that game.
https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-alot
Haha. Point taken. Non-native English speaker though; I cut myself some slack.\n\nOn another note, good to see some fotball fans being interessted in correct spelling \ud83d\ude09
Think he means our number 17, Fred.
Yes
Agreed. For whatever reason Ole keeps starting Pereira
Started two write it at half-time lol. The first sentence seems to have stayed unchanged :D
?
read the other reply
We looked lost for the first 20 minutes against Chelsea. This was the most comfortable PL win we've had in a while.
This was far more comfortable and deserving than the Chelsea game.\n\nThat scoreline flattered us, this one flatters Brighton.
This one was even better than the Chelsea game. Chelsea had threatened our goals a handful of times. We defended well today barring that corner.  We could even have scored at least three more.
Twist my arm! Ok!
we will \"force\" you
Fred\u2019s been getting progressively better each game lately though. Love seeing him perform like this.
McSpirits FC
I Think Pogba should be given a free role in that #10 position. Allow him to drop deep. Send in long pass. Join attacks. Track back etc.\nBetter than the a traditional am role
Rashford is awesome. Him martial and James will be proper special with talented number 10 behind them
better make the most of pogba when he's back then. I feel like martial, and even rashfor instinctively make runs when pogba dribbles around the opposition box. If fred and mek tominej continue on this good click of form, we can really start winning games when pogba returns
That Bournemouth game was played under such horrible conditions in the first half that I hesitate to critique the team too much.  \n\nConstantly having to advance into the wind and rain is absolutely miserable.
Klopp is that u?
Paul as the number 10 is going to be incredible. Really starting to like the Fred/McTominay midfield duo. Just hope McSauce is okay
I\u2019m hoping we are playing this setup in the future. I\u2019m still not sure about lindelof. He is so suspect.
Tuanzebe and Rojo are very capable replacements if Lindel\u00f6f doesn\u2019t improve
I think Fred today proved he has potential to be that type of creative CM. His pass for 3rd goal for example was sublime and like having Pogba on the pitch.\n\nThere\u2019s definitely a case for a 3-man midfield with Pogba on left, McTominay centre, Fred right.\n\nHaving Pogba as number 10 may not suit him because he\u2019s liable to receive the ball with his back to goal too much where as we know he likes running from deep.\n\nI\u2019m sure they will try both systems in training ground and see what utilises everyone best. \n\nIt\u2019s also great we now seem to have a clear starting XI when everyone\u2019s fit now Fred and McTominay are both playing well, and Martial and Rashford are both being played in their best positions.
Fred is what every team needs as depth, but I wouldn't want him to be in our main XI. Remember this team as is won't compete for the league. We have to try and close the gap to 100points (potentially.) We need a Ruben Neves type badly for a position we have no true DM of. And then another CM that will be a cut above who we have now. The mids we have (besides Pogba) are good to have for the many competitions, but as a main XI our hopes should be to challenge for CL & EPL in the coming years.
>Pogba\n\nis completely wasted as a 6, also for France. Pogba is the main reason Ole had the run that gave him the job. Pogba needs to be free to create and score.
Even could have pulled back to assist lingard when he took a shit after flicking the ball around one of their defenders. Understand him shooting though, he deserved a goal tonight \n\n*shot
Was that the one when he shot with the left foot?
[deleted]
Because everyone is busy writing him off due to that exact reason.
Rashford's misses, it still is positive that he's getting into those positions and improving over time, as he's only 22
Only negative has to be the finishing. Our goal difference is very poor and this was a chance to really hammer some in but we wasted so many great chances. Might come back to bite us in tougher games.
The potential injury to Mctominay is one, sadly
I'd argue nr 2 and 5
His brilliant ground through ball led to our third goal soon after Brighton scored their first
> ground through balls\n\nhe made like 2-3 to martial that were a little too overhit. If he fixes that, martial would have a few goals
Yup. He definately improved on those in this game, but there is still room for improvement and hoepfully he can achieve it.
2 wins in the league, Norwich and Brighton. 1 draw against Liverpool. 1 loss against a waterlogged pitch. 1 win against Chelsea at the bridge in the cup. 2 wins in Europe.
Yeah, that Bournemouth loss was just a perfect storm of shitty conditions that led to a loss and stopped the team getting their stride. It was a shitty loss but if the conditions were better we would have one that easily
~~You didn't include today's win in that form guide so neither did I.~~\n\noh wait, I just realised you did the most recent from the left. \n\nI'm used to reading them the other way. Should've realised when I saw the draw, I thought you didn't put today's game in there and started from the last. Which wouldn't makes sense, silly me.\n\nIn any case, the loss against Bournemouth was inexcusable. We squandered chances, fell asleep in the second half and we didn't play our game. Rashford and Martial didn't link up at all, were too far apart all game. Failed to take advantage of James' pace, he had the beating of their LB, but they fed him in once and only attempted one other time.
His first goal is going to come from a set piece, I'm calling it now. His long balls are class and they're screaming to go in
I think he's already scored a free kick? Seem to remember it but might have dreamt it haha
he has a rocket of a shot in him
Bottled the counter entirely doing step overs with two players wide of him waiting for a pass luckily the ball fell to martial and ended up as a goal via deflection.
Needed to swap CAMs to bring more pressing
I'm not surprised to Valencia if I'm honest, he was a wicked winger in his day.
Valencia had a hell of a season in 2012 I believe. Before they gave him the number 7. He was assisting Rooney goals week in and week out. Also, wasn't hesitant at all. Knew exactly what to do with ball. People forget he was brought in to replace Ronaldo and showed a lot of promise. Then they gave him the 7 and a couple years later moved him to RB.
Yeah all I remember is him hitting defenders with every cross as RB
I love that their chemistry is improving game by game.
Yep!
oh I didn't see this but yeah, i just thought it was interesting how quietly and fast it has happened!
Man I wish I could tell you, who knows? Games like today were certainly a positive step and I hope we can continue like this\n\nMaybe less Ashley Young...idk
He was literally our best player vs Bournemouth too though. It looked like he was the only one trying, he was very clean in stopping attacks and he created the best chance of the game.
Look at the 1st match thread for this season. You\u2019ll understand what i mean.
Oh yes so do I, fuck those guys honestly, I'm seriously considering reporting some of these users to the mods because i seriously doubt they are true fans. \n\nOne fuck actually replied this to me just earlier today with \"BTW I'm Ole out and am here every day, no need to worry about me disappearing!\" motherfucker isn't even hiding it and guess what? He hasn't commented AT ALL in the past 5 hours. So you can be bothered to spam Ole out everyday but can't be bothered to be on the sub during the match? Give me a fucking break, we need a purge of all these cunts from this sub, let them go farm their karma at r/soccer shitting on united.
Imagine reporting people to the mods because they have a different opinion than you. They aren't Ole out because they are not fans. They're Ole out because they give a shit what happens to the team
Fully agree. Ideally we'll continue with Pogba in front of the other two, and if McFred continues to show some defensive fragility, we'll just need to add a decent ball winning midfielder in the summer and we have a competent midfield without having to switch half of the team around.\n\nPlaying Pogba in the holding role hurts us defensively just from all the attacking threat we lose from not using Pogba further up.
Pogba is not a defensive player, and even though that\u2019s part of his \u201crole\u201d in the France team, he doesn\u2019t have to worry about it due to how damn good they are. His job with the NT is to create and boss the midfield, which he cannot do on United with the current squad we have.
We've improved as we've gone on and not conceding one goal isn't to be sniffed at. \n\nBesides, group stages are always tricky. Real Madrid practically made it par the course in their string of CL titles. Always had an iffy group stage.
If anything they have been probably the second ost solid team after the scousers. I think Chelsea will implode sooner or later, Lampard has done a good job but it kind of reminds me of Ole's interim period in which at one point we seemed invincible.
Chelsea has a top quality squad though. They have some multiple league winners in there.\n\nLeicester would struggle come a couple injuries. Or they get sussed out, i don't know if they've got a plan b in that squad.
Tony really came on in the second. Not really his fault about the first though. Barely had any touches. His link up play with Rashford is great. Sometimes I think Rash is a little selfish though. I think he could have had 2 assist today easy if he looked to pass instead of shoot everytime he is in the box.
It's true, they may leave gaps when they attack, but they're very solid and organised defensively and with 3 centre-backs they should still have enough numbers back. Second best defence in the league behind Leicester, they'll be tough.
Matching their 3atb could be a good way to counter them. With martial and Rashford running at the two flanking defenders and Pereira hassling their central defender, James and fred would have a great chance of running in behind the defence and scoring.
They'll be without Hendo, won't they? So that'll work in our favour as they'll have to use their second choice
They're going to come at us on the counter but they don't play for possession and they don't play with an absurdly high line like Brighton did yesterday. They'll be very organised at the back, I think we can win but it won't be easy and I don't think we'll keep a clean sheet.
But on the flip side, City can afford to accommodate weak CBs because they maintain possession most of the game. If you look at the goals that we\u2019re scored, they were school boy errors
Definitely schoolboy errors, but not helped by the lack of a good defence
He had otamendi and Cancelo on the bench though and he only made one substitution all game.
walker and stones were bad today. Angelino surprisingly was quite good esp in attack.
I think we did today, and against Astana to be fair. He's been slowly building his confidence up and his more riskier passes are paying off more. He's sorting out his control and sloppiness of the ball too.\n\nCan't wait until Pogba is back, I hope we go for a midfield 3 with Mctominay, Fred and Pogba with a staggered front 3 Rashford, Martial and James. All three are capable of feeding the front three in different ways and the defensive work ethic of the other two will free Pogba up for sure.
Nobody hates Mata as a person, most have said they hate our play when he plays.
There is also the really top level teams that can make chances out of nothing, when the play is going against them because they have magical players like Messi for instance.
Messi is more of an aberration than anything g
I say we need a quality no.10  in the summer...someone like Maddison...because our options there are Lingard,Mata and Pereira..and neither of them are good enough. And I think Pogba will be best utilized from a bit deeper...having that freedom to explore forward..linking the midfield and forward line. Of course this season it's better to use him as a 10...coz we lack quality options there.\n\nA lot of people here are of the opinion that we need another quality striker...but I think we need a CAM and a RW more..we need more creativity. A striker without any service would not help us break down low block teams. If we can get a quality no.10 and RW (that's a minimum Iam talking about..we arguably need more) we will see a huge improvement in the consistency of this team..as well as good attacking play.
I mean Fred played well, but Pereira was his usual shit.
Actually same for me, I was just so fucking fucked I couldn\u2019t stay awake without squirting out of one end or the other.
Relatable
No, that\u2019s just gambler\u2019s fallacy
Not quite, because in gambling the house always wins.
Good on you to be open
>why are we at 15 points after 12 games?\n\nInjury crisis :)\n\n> Lampard and Rodgers at the helm have less time at the helm and their teams are second and third\n\nI cannot wait for lampard honeymoon period to be over too. It's coming soon and if we're comparing ole's first 23 were much better.\n\n>How about putting results against different level of opponents, who are set up themselves differently tactically, for 8-10 games at least? \n\nExcluding Bournemouth we've won every match after martial was fit. And it's shown how much he matters to the teams performance, how about taking that into context?\n\n>Maybe I should do a hot like like yours next time when we lose, sounds like a plan.\n\nI don't doubt you will
>You're telling us that if Poch or Rangnick said they would like to take on the United project, that you would say \"no\" to it?\n\nYou're telling me that you're so triggered by this light hearted jab you have to deflect the question into something else?\n\n>Your comment is more reactionary than the ones you're trying to call out.\n\nOh yea the people who want to not sack the manger after a few bad results are reactionary because the results picked up? Get a grip.
> You're telling me that you're so triggered by this light hearted jab you have to deflect the question into something else?\n\nOh god, this o'l chestnut.\n\n> Oh yea the people who want to not sack the manger after a few bad results are reactionary because the results picked up? Get a grip.\n\nEverything is on the table, man. We have to be honest and willing to examine everything. Blame will fall where it deserves to fall. At the end of the day, we have to ask ourselves why we are not reaching our set goals? We can try and experiment with anything, but ultimately if we never quite reach what we set out for, then we're going to have to make some tough decisions. \n\nPlus we cannot keep being the only Top Club to be so mediocre and out of the conversations of teams competing for everything. We'll see where United end up at the end of the season and evaluate everyone involved. There's no room for rose tinted glasses. We are getting passed up while Liverpool get back on their perch and our noisy neighbors keep the City blue.
Yep, definitely a player you want ahead of the ball with his skill set - he has to be willing to be disciplined with his position, which is a massive weakness for him. Always tends to gravitate towards the left of midfield.
Honestly, as long as it gets goals and creativity, I'm fine with that
Jesus, I was way off. Thank you
It can be difficult to make out exactly what they're saying for sure, no worries mate
It\u2019s actually the small toe. It\u2019s also known as a Jones fracture\n\nAnyway, the reason the fifth metatarsal is a bigger deal is because of the limited blood flow to that area. The blood flow to your feet, and especially your toes, is lower than other joints/extremities (think of the people who always have ice cold feet lol). \n\nA fracture at that site takes FOREVER (if treated both operatively and non-operatively) to heal due to the lower blood flow. You have to be non-weightbearing for a pretty extended amount of time. \n\nNot sure if you remember, but Manuel Neur had to miss the World Cup and a part of his club season due to a foot injury. Wouldn\u2019t surprise me if it had been a fifth metatarsal or lisfranc injury (another nasty foot injury). \n\nI\u2019m really hoping Scott doesn\u2019t have this injury because if so it\u2019ll be a long while before we see him back.  Hope this explained it haha. Sorry for the long post.\n\nEdit: also if treated non-op there\u2019s a risk it heals incorrectly or not at all, which then warrants an operation, which means an even longer time out \u2639\ufe0f
>Sorry for the long post.\n\nNot at all. Thanks for the reply, you learn something everyday!
Got caught in literally the last second of the game, came out limping heavily.
Aarh that sucks :/
*30 years
What makes you say that? He's clearly enjoying his time there and doesn't seem to want to leave.
Read somewhere he plans to step down '21 or '22 for a sabatical. These guys are not like Fergie who could go for years and years without rest. these guys don't know how to moderate their intensity and then just pass out with a burnout.
Also even if he leaves he has setup a really good team. They can get a good manager to carry forward. Gerrard is getting ready as well.
[deleted]
He used to be. I love him to bits but he is just not what he used to be. He has 11 assists since the start of the 17/18 season in all competitions. 5049 minutes. That's an assists for every 459 minutes played. 1 assist for every 5 full games. Sure some of it can be attributed to bad finishing but you can't call it 'great'.\n\nEdit: Those numbers are from transfermarkt and they are very generous with what counts as an assist. Whoscored says 8 assists in 4502 mins since the start of 17/18 which is even worse. 1 assist every 6.25 games.
for 45 min, when not pressed...
He used to be, not anymore
What an outlet he is! The moment we get the ball in defence, we just need to look for james making a run and we seem to be creating something
And he's so young too, he'll get much better in so many areas. Hopefully he'll be our next Giggs or Beckham down the wing.
Young is likely retiring after this season and Rojo might be a backup CB. I haven\u2019t really felt this excited watching a LB than Shaw in 2015
Spurs\u2019 form flows from poch\u2019s disappointment from transfer market and they haven\u2019t seemed to have recovered from that. Arsenal on the other hand spent a fortune on the attack getting 3 insanely good goal scorers in pepe auba and laca only to play absolutely defensive and only player (ozil) who has the quality to feed the front 3  put on the sidelines. I think we can take arsenal for granted as long as emery is there but spurs will recover and we have to be prepared for that challenge.
Haller is all hype.
Think it's more West Ham being a bit shit tbh. His biggest strength is fighting for the ball and getting his team involved which is fantastic when you've got Ante Rebic and Luka Jovic and not so much when it's Mark Noble and Snodgrass.
i felt this way too. him and jovic were great. big, can hold up the ball quite well, good finisher (could improve). would've got him for relatively cheap in today's market.
Hopefully, we will appeal and the goal would be rightly given to Scott. No way it was an OG. \n\nAnd in any case, even if it isn't I'm still going to consider it Scotty's goal, since he basically created it.
With you 100% he created it but if you watch it slowed down (1:07) you can see the Brighton player get a foot on it just before it crosses the line \n\n\n\nhttps://streamable.com/9yxav
Honestly doesn\u2019t sound like a remotely useful player if he can only be played when we are 2 goals ahead
because he really isn't really a useful player\n\nhope we get rid of him soon, wish him the best but he obviously is not good enough to be playing for us
happened twice. he just need a square ball. could've at least had one goal if not two easy 5 yard goals.
Bang on martial and pogba 2 of our best players and Shaw is starting left back no wonder we've struggled. Yes we need more depth but that's not the managers fault. With a full team we can be top 4/5 without we can't.
But if you're one of the many in here that relish when we lose and can't wait to come in here to spew nothing but reactionary negativity, be consistent with your lack of support and fuck off when we win.
I\u2019m very consistent - I am displeased if we play badly and/or look like we have no offensive plan, and am pleased when we play well and have an offensive plan. \n\nThe team is inconsistent. My view on what makes a good performance stays exactly the same. Being positive about every performance is dumb, as is being negative about every performance.\n\nMy view that this season has, overall, been a negative experience is shared by most fans, I suspect. We have looked poor in at least 75% of games. Playing well in a couple of games doesn\u2019t erase the mess that has been the last two months.\n\nNot sure how you think that you have the consistent outlook here, lol.
This is the same style we've been trying to implement since the start of the season. Look at the similarities to this performance and Chelsea. If you don't see that it's your problem not the manager.
So the manager successfully implemented his style, having been managing the club for almost a year, twice in the first twenty games of the season. Awesome...
As I said. In the post you are replying to. His final ball has improved 10x in just a few months. Points to good work on the training field.
apologies, misread your point.
I thought he was really close to coming back. Maybe he'll return after the break then.
He did play a game, maybe the docs saw something they didn\u2019t like after it.
The young ones have the Astana game coming up.
\"not prioritized\" are you mad? We need to replace lukaku and sanchez, and even when we had them, we still needed an RW bc mata and lingard do jack shit in that position. i agree CM is a top priority. If anything, CD is our position of least concern. We have the 4th best defense in the league, only 4 more goals shipped than the top.
Not prioritized, as in not prioritized as the first and most imortant signing. For me, its cm > rw > cd.\n\nRw is needed for rotation, yes. Sancho would be a dream signing, but only if we first fill the gap in cm.\n\nI dont want us to stack every position like city, I Still want to give youth a chance. So those 2 positions would be Good for me, but then the gaps should be for our youth.\n\nCD is not an immidiate concern, I agree. But I dont see any other immidiate holes to fill at any price
[deleted]
yea, he was a cheap buy from the championship but to be fair, he's stepped up and oftentimes is our most dangerous threat going forward. We do need the rotation though, bc one injury, and we are fucked.
Price is irrelevant when it comes to selecting the team. As of now, I would argue that James is one of our best players
i disagree. Jadon is good esp in highlight videos but I'd seen him disappear and not do anything in games. James OTOH gives you 100 percent effort even when defending and he scares the daylights out of defenders with his speed and drive. Reminds me of Coppell.
Yeah but we can't discredit any win we have where a team plays a high line. You can only beat what's in front of you. \n\nBut I do agree with you, we struggle to control and dictate games and hopefully that will come with confidence, if not its what's damning Ole. \n\nBut for today a good performance and something to be happy about on a sunday afternoon.
That is true, I really just want to see him become the best player he can be
I think theres more too it. Creativity was a problem last season. Sancho was hopefully going to fix that but when he turned us down, there was no noise of signing another senior RW. We put all our eggs in the Dybala basket but he didn't want to join. We talked to Tielemans and Bruno but nothing serious. There never felt like a push from management to get those deals done. Mourinho and LVG made it well known when we weren't moving for their players. This summer all the pressure to make signings seemed to come from the media and fans, nobody internal.
Martial is an absolute beast. He could've had 2 goals and 4 assists if we had managed to convert. Conversion rate has to increase and very few teams would match our goalscoring capability, but missing sitters is an ongoing problem throughout the whole team.
Indeed it is.  At least we scored some ugly goals for the first time this year.
CM for sure. I feel like we should let Pogba play in Andreas\u2019s spot and get an experienced RW (left-footed ideally) taking over from James. James coming of the bench would be terrifying.
Definitely, don\u2019t mind an older striker coming in to add some experience without blocking Martial or Greenwood.
He looks better down the right and are backup is a teenage CF. Surely, we need more if we are to compete for the top.
I agree, but the lack of depth is there for everyone to see. Hopefully, Woody and crew back up their talk and get some business done.
Excluding the wins there are some positives. \n\n1.\tAll three summer signings look good\n2.\tGarner, Greenwood, and Williams look promising \n3.\tMcT, Rashford, and Martial have kicked on from being promising to actually delivering \n\nA win streak would be great but there have been some positives lately as well. We have been ravaged with injuries and the squad was threadbare to begin with.
Bro you are expecting this team to win 8-9 games straight? If those are your standards for a decent team then only Liverpool would fill your appetite in all of Europe.
It all depends on his form. Inform shaw is much better than Williams. Its Just a question of when he will get there.
not seen inform shaw since before he broke his leg.
We still have to see what Williams does against stronger opposition. Shaw is still #1.
Williams stays as Shaw's backup instead of Young
Yup just saw it myself. Thanks! We've basically scored the harder ones and let the easier ones slip. Typical ?
If you look on the bright side, we are the team that took points off em.
And we'll take 3 more off them come January ;-)
At least those two points were against us.
Both of you can be right at the same time
Liverpool still won the CL from this.
But you can't just brush off a shot can't be a goal. His hand was on the air, deliberate or not it hit his hand and block a goal chance.\n\nthis comment from city pool game \" \u201cIf Silva's arm does not divert the ball, then yes, I believe a penalty should have been awarded as Alexander-Arnold's arm is in an unnatural position and he is using it to make himself bigger \". Trent hand was also down but considered as making himself bigger.
Arm was in a natural position and did not move towards the ball.
And against Liverpool as well. They were hugely fortunate to win that match.
Yeah, unfortunately Rashford missed a tap-in.
I don\u2019t think so, their entire attacking setup is based around crosses and that is his best attribute.
So the record of all time is 20 assists in a season by a footballing legend but you think Dan James would break that by a considerable amount? \n\nEspecially with the rotation City use?
It happens too frequently for that to be the case though. Pretty much every time we go into half time with a lead we are almost always restrained and happy to let the other team have the ball.
I'd argue we haven't been a team high on confidence for a long time. And we pushed on after the 3rd goal and created chances, because we were feeling confident.
Still a mistake. He picked up an injury in the midweek game so he needed to have his minutes managed as a precaution.
But his injury from midweek was completely irrelevant to what happened today? It was an accident, you can't blame bad luck on Ole as well...
How could he have predicted what was gonna happen? Not like he re-aggravated his prior injury or anything. This was a complete separate incident, just bad luck.
He couldn\u2019t predict it, don\u2019t know where I\u2019ve suggested he could have?\n\nWhat I mean is that CM is our weakest, thinnest department. Seems obvious to me you\u2019d take off the *critical* midfielder that\u2019s played 90mins of every game rather than Williams.
Tbh idk why Garner wasn't brought on after our 3rd goal.
Because McTominay and Fred were both playing really well?\n\nTake one of them off and put Garner in. What if he makes a mistake that leads to a goal? Then we're in danger of not getting the three points and Garner's confidence is shattered. Say Brighton equalize as well. This sub would be asking for Ole's head on a plate! Some people just have to hate on something. There was nothing wrong with the subs today.
so did Mek
Yes he does. But he also wants to leave, so we will need to prepare ourselves for the Post-Pogba United.
Doubt he leaves if we are doing well. If we had made champs league last season it would have been a different story.
Not a chance. Shaw has everything to prove. Williams is already more assertive
Player of the season Luke Shaw has Everything to prove compared to a 19 year old on his 2nd appearance
\n>Shaw has everything to prove.\n\nShaw is literally our player of the season but let's not get facts in the way of sensationalism
That\u2019s the thing though, we really needed two hard working midfielders who can carry the ball and thread a pass through the lines. Hard to exploit our pace without it. Can\u2019t wait to see a Fred/McT pivot behind Pogba.
He only hit form but recently, when Martial came back. Martial is the main man. Rashford take a lot of chances and is not good at taking them or link-up play, which is why we suffered without Pogba and Martial. It was all over the place.\n\nTo take a step up Rashford need to put the tabs ins constantly and improve he's link-up game.
As Striker Greenwood is way more clinical 100%.
And you know this how?
I think Pereira is a better free kick taker - Rashford has scored more because he's taken more chances. In regards to creativity, his final 3rd passing is unfortunately not the best this season. However, like I mentioned, he excels in getting into the box and getting on the end of plays.
He is building up to have the breakthrough season we have been anticipating for years. He is a main contender for league top scorer. Also he might well be the best free-kick taker in the league, especially from thirty yards out. He can take players on better than anyone, his finishing can be clinical. His passing can be good at times. He is maturing into a wold-class player, and this season could mould him into something unbelievable and you want to replace him with Greenwood and let Pereira take the frees instead? You are fucking mental!
Not at all. James has pace but he seldom takes on and dribbles past fullbacks successfully. His successful dribbles per 90 confirm this . He has 1 successful dribble per game average, pretty low for a winger. What he's getting better at now is decision making and crossing to offset his low take ons
That might be true, if the full back leaves space in behind him. In games when we are facing a defensive full back, James doesn't really seem to be able to do much. Greenwood is able to cut in with his left or go down with his right, making him much more suited for a right-sided attacker with heavy attacking duties.
Good thing I didn\u2019t say that then innit.
You preety much implied innit
The best teams and players miss big chances all the time, the trick is to just create more chances, like we have been doing lately. Entertaining games!
He was playing through injury regardless, no need for him to finish the game when we had already won. Obviously this wasn't related but I would make that comment even if he didn't get injured. Same goes for Rashford.
Wasn't aware Rashford was injured too, certainly didn't look it. Maybe you're right but realistically Garner was the only replacement on the bench and if McT goes off and United conceded, people would be calling for his head. This whole subbing narrative thing this season ultimately boils down to the lack of depth in the team
it wasn't but it was aggravated by what happened with the Brighton player. Knowing ankle injuries if its a mild sprain, he should be training within three weeks or so.
Ole knew he was already injured, should have been taken him off earlier when the game was essentially won. Obviously the tackle at the end had nothing to do with the previous injury but that's not my point.
I don't think OP is trying to blame Ole tbf
Same, just sounds like he didn't actually watch the game and is just making accusations based on hearing the news
Scott had an ankle niggle but played the full match and sprained his ankle. How on earth do you know this is unrelated? Even if it was unrelated, why was he on the field for 90 mins?\n\nI support Ole btw.I mainly think we should have more depth and avoid playing players with niggles.Is there anyone who honestly does not want that?
Been listening that narrative since SAF left. \n\nI want a cleanup next summer. OLE is trying to build something and we can\u2019t have players that aren\u2019t upto the task.
How is Shaw not up to task? The only mark against him is his fitness record. You can't praise a kid to the high heavens like this when we haven't seen enough to even come to a verdict.\n The jury is still out. We had quite a few youngsters under LVG who were subject to a lot of praise but couldn't cut it eventually. Let Brandon Williams breathe. If you've been watching the game long enough you should know not to get too excited so quickly.
He's turning Marital into Thiery Henry.\n\nMake the team not always depend on Pogba.\n\nLet the youngster turn into super stars.
Too bad he had a contract with us then. He would have been backup for Martial anyway. We shouldn't have let him go without signing a replacement.
Yes we should've signed a replacement but he wanted to leave since Feb. He had told Ole about it as well. Also Ole had given Woodward the list for his replacements but he failed to bring anyone in.
I know. He also misses a lot right?
I mean .... you say no academy product... he might not be completely ready but there's this lil guy waiting on the wings to get a crack at the spot. Goes by the name Angel.
Gomes is yet to perform in a cup game. Williams and Greenwood have. Gomes is injured currently I believe.
Am I being downvoted because I\u2019m not contributing to the conversation?
No, probably for saying you could have scored the goal. Every great striker has missed an open goal, happens sometimes. Doesn't reduce their value
That makes no sense as getting at 10 mins from the bench earlier this season. He's had a 'feel'. With your logic Rojo should've started and not Williams as needs to get used to the feel.
He's still young and inexperienced. It's not \"mad\" or \"crazy\" to still be easing him in. There's a case to be made for it. That's all. And no. That's daft logic. Cos Rojo is a liability and Rashford isn't. Obviously.
kinda hard when they are doing commentary on the game :p\n\n\nThe brazzilian team tends to be good on their transfer talks so wanted to know if a more credible source said something about him leaving
Honestly, ESPN are so unreliable, you can often just assume the opposite of what they are saying will happen, and it will be more likely to come true. If ESPN are saying he's leaving in Jan, then you can assume he will sign a new contract soon.
Because my opinion is different to yours?
I thought the comment was a play on your username. \nMy bad then. Sometimes I try to think too smart.
No, its because you are being a prick. Every game has negatives and positives to take away. This game had way more positive take away. Nice attacking build up throughout, solid defence in open play, exceptional williams, fred, mcterminator doing his usual, dan james looking much better than he did last few games, rashford martial link ups are becoming a thing. \n\nAlso lack of good finish/quality in the final third does not translate to cluelessness in attack. \u2018ATTACK\u2019 is way more than the final shot on goal.
you can only say positive opinion on this thread, unfortunately thats the rules, if you criticize the club you are a plastic or not a real fan.
We\u2019re young. People never thought Raheem Sterling would be able to finish and look at him now. Rashford will definitely get more clinical.
Not passing to Lingard is always the right choice.
What, the bar is \"perfect\" now?
It has always been. We are United
Apparently he was walking with a limp after the game tho, hopefully he's alright after the intl break
Yeah those are the other two that I would include with the top signings post SAF. Pogba too but if he leaves I\u2019ll probably think a little differently. There\u2019ve been a few others that were decent to good and then a whole lot of pretty shit signings.
You wouldn\u2019t throw AWB in there right now? That kid has been a god send to me.
For me, he is the #4, possibly ahead of Zlatan at #3. He's obviously incredible defensively, but going forward, he's pretty bang average, if not subpar. I think fans will start to realize this more as time goes on.  For 55m, he's a good signing, but I wouldn't say great relative to the price tag.
I disagree. He\u2019s quite good imo and much better than any other cb signing post SAF.
Because he's in a better position and scoring goals will help get his confidence back up, which will benefit the team in the long run.\n\nHave you ever played football?
Hope none of our players play
Also the best player on the pitch away against PSG last season.  Some people have short memories, he\u2019s been on the verge of being excellent for a while, he\u2019s just needed a run in a settled side.
I'm disappointed in Rojos performance. Didn't see any bare chesting or marauding
A more subdued performance for sure.
I just always think that word looks funny. Your written English is quite good mate!
This is why we need Neves and Maddison. Else, Declan Rice is another option.
Exactly. There should be no debate on this topic. We need serious upgrades. That doesn't mean we sell off the ones we have. Of course not. We keep them for squad depth. We will definitely need to rest players, so these ones are good enough to take over for when that happens.
Yup
Lingard or rashford would have been in loads of space
I'm fairly sure we sound like Klopp here  right now
To be fair, 35mph winds, with gusts of up to 54mph   in torrential rain and playing on a waterlogged pitch isn't exactly conductive towards good attacking football and makes it ridiculously hard to control the ball. The result was bad but the conditions were horrendous.
He's scored once for us, it was in 2018 from open play against wolves
That must be it! Think it was a good goal from memory
You misread me. Theres nothing wrong with being Ole out or having a different opinion. Theres something wrong if ALL you post on here is Ole out. If you give a shit about the team maybe you'd be on here both when the team does well AND when it doesn't? How is that so hard to understand
Putting Pogba in a role with a bit more freedom that is also positioned further forward just makes sense.\n\nFred and Mctominay seem to have begun to click to an extent, and Fred is finally beginning to show signs of adapting to the league. Is everything perfect? No, but I don\u2019t think there is a better option for us in the current squad.\n\nPogba in a slightly higher role will not only provide further attacking threats but also Pogba is actually a really good ball winner. Issue is his mental application to tracking/etc. but his actual reading of the game for pressing, tackling technique and physicality would provide us with further danger pressing forward.\n\nIt also gives us more tactical versatility when something isn\u2019t working since you know you could slot him further back to make adjustments. \n\nI\u2019m not sold on Pogba being a 10, it isn\u2019t his best position in my opinion. But I also think in our current system he could technically lineup as a 10 but not actually be limited to being a traditional 10 and instead could be given the freedom to influence the game in a wider variety of aspects. \n\nPlus getting him closer to Martial seems like a huge benefit because they do link up the best out of anyone on our team.
Leicester also have a few league winners of their own, whereas the likes of Pedro, Willian, etc are ageing. Idk,I might be wrong, but I don't think they can't keep winning like they have for much longer. A trip to Etihad is coming up for them and in most likelihood they'll drop points.
In any case, it's them two we can hope to drop points.\n\nbut, we need to find consistency at the toughest point in our season, and it doesn't get much easier later. \n\nHave Pogba back and stay injury free, maybe we can do it
That\u2019s not what the gamblers fallacy is\n\nThe gambler fallacy is believing that past results are an indicator for future results
Ahh, TIL. \n\nI completely had the wrong meaning of the phrase all these days!
Cheers, I think I vaguely remember reading that somewhere as well. If he wins the Premier League and the CWC maybe it'll happen since he'll believe he's accomplished everything he could with Liverpool, but things change and time will tell.
i did see the league table and we don't even have half the points they have. oh well..
Sad but I agree. Generally they have good personnel  on and off the field.
Against Partizan, Mata crossed to Young who laid it of to Rashford  for our third goal. That won't show as an assist yet was a pivotal pass. Stats aren't everything.
Mata was great against Partizan. IMO his best performance in a United shirt for a very long time. Still doesn't change the fact that he generally doesn't create enough anymore. Maybe that changes if the two most recent games are an indicator of what's to come under Ole. I certainly hope so.
Really hope he makes that RW his. We've been missing a proper right winger for ages.
Yeah, and I do think its one of the reasons why we've been so lacking up front the past few years. There's not been a viable, dangerous attacking threat from us out wide for ages. Our (often makeshift) wingers the best few years have also been so disappointing with their crosses too. Hopefully with James now we'll really stretch those defences wide and create space.
The Brighton player got the last touch, sure, but it was already going in. OG is given only when a player directs an off target ball into the net.
No bother \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe
Which game was it?
Not sure, EL or cup.
He was motm in alot of games under mourinho so i dont think thats fair. His max potential probably dropped after he broke his leg, but he has had som really impressive periods
Anfield is so feared now. Liverpool have like a 45 game unbeaten streak at Anfield. I wish for 2 things : \n\n1) We need to make Old Trafford a fortress. \n\n2) Man United should silence Anfield when we play there. Heard too much from Liverpool fans to be honest.
Liverpool's record at OT is also shit
So we shouldn't have gotten penalty against PSG? arm was in natural position, the guy turned and no time to react so no deliberate too.\nimo that was natural arm position while jumping. i mean how do you jump while keeping hand close on body lol
Arm wasn't in a natural position and it moved towards the ball.
I mean in all comps, not just the league
25-30 assists in all comps would still be absolutely ridiculous. Messi holds the record at 29.\n\nThe best to ever play the sport.\n\nAbsolute absurdity. Even if he played every game for City (he wouldn\u2019t under Pep by any means), you think Dan James would consistently be better than any assister in the history of mankind
You guys are not getting my point. Letting a player who just picked up an injury 3-4 days ago play 90 mins is a huge risk. I am not saying his previous injury influenced this one, I am just saying Ole should have taken the precaution of subbing off McTominay after the 3rd goal.
Or maybe they know what his injury was and this one is unrelated. If you\u2019re going to start saying we shouldn\u2019t play players due to the risk of contact injuries then we\u2019re left with no players.
I specifically stated that after our 3rd goal. The game was done then.
We scored the 3rd in the 66th minute. Plenty of time left of the game to score two goals. Even if Brighton had scored 10 minutes later it would have made for a really nervous end to the game. Arguably our best period in the game was after we scored the 3rd. Very possible that would not be the case if we had changed our midfield.
I watched every game and he was nothing special. The best out of a shit bunch is nothing impressive
> I watched every game and he was nothing special. The best out of a shit bunch is nothing impressive\n\nAlso can\u2019t remember the last time Shaw put together back to back convincing performances. He\u2019s awful going forward
I can't remember the last time Brandon played back to back games? Again, after 2 matches (I'm not trying to discredit Williams here), you judge him to be better than Shaw. Shaw has more of those performances you speak of than Williams has apps in first team
When he played Central striker, none of the ex-players pundits very impressed neither. We very horrible going forward, he could link-up play or hold up the ball. Look at Greenwood goal ratio pr. minute and you'll a clinical finisher.
An attacking role from the left is his only position, leave him there and see him bang in 20+ league goals every season.
Best free kick taker in the league? And I'm mental? I'm not even going to bother. 1 free kick scored after 3 seasons as the designated free kick taker. Go figure. https://www.premierleague.com/players/13565/Marcus-Rashford/stats
He has scored more than one.
World class, you must be talking about Martial. Rashford has been out of form for months and only recently delivered when Martial came back, who is great at linking-up play and unselfish when playing. Rashford thinks he Ronaldo, he's a decent LW and so is Daniel James. \n\nRashford has blasted so many free kicks and penalties I can't even keep track.
He has scored nine already this season. Also most of his spot kicks and pens have been decent.
I said \u2018one of\u2019. Follow your own advice and pay more attention.
>starting to look the real deal, culminating in one of his best games in a United shit\n\nUhuh. So let's get this straight first, he was good today but definitely not his best self. So, when he's  not that amazing one match but you're trying to run a narrative someone who's climbing up and getting there and having one his best games before cruelly being injured because of our twisted luck with injury. You try to imply exactly that :)
Rashford wasn't injured he's just been playing every minute of every game. No reason Greenwood can't replace him after the third goal to avoid an injury. \n\nI get that there's not always a good option on the bench but this seems like a pretty obvious swap to me once we got a 2 goal lead again.
You're too positive if you think a 2 goal lead means anything to this current united team the way they've been playing this season
We can\u2019t have a player with 1st team wages that doesn\u2019t plays 30 matches in a year. Sorry but we can\u2019t have that.
Ole wanted him out too because he didn't fit the system. And if Ed failed to bring in the replacements we should have kept him on in the interests of the club, sold him in Jan or next summer
He wasn't interested in playing for us. Why would you keep a player like that I don't get it. The sooner you get rid of him the better and that's what Ole did.
Doesn't work that way. Lukaku wanted out and he was getting very toxic in the dressing room. He wouldn't be a good example to the young players that are coming up from the academy and could be a bad influence on them.
I love Beanz and think he\u2019s incredible. But I still could have scored that \u2014 mostly just having a laugh. Just figures it counted as general banter for the offday discussion thread.
This is a very reactionary sub the day during and immediately after a game, i tend to stay away from commenting anything that can be misconstrued in the day immediately following a game because people here get very excitable.
Rojo has not been a liability this season at all
He's played 122 minutes in the Prem this year. And was woeful against Newcastle. I agree that he did ok against the mighty Partizan and Astana.
I gave positives, are you capable of reading past a couple of words?
Again, i will quote myself, this game had more positives than negatives. The guy above and i agree to the username coz you are bringing in a more negative approach to a good game. Saying we looked good for 20 mins and 2 goals were lucky doesn\u2019t help. That basically says only positives was the last 20 mins and that too because BHA were scrambling for equaliser so we did nothing to open em up. \nSumming up, i take away (from your comment) that this game was 2 lucky goals and third coz BHA lost composure. We stood no chance otherwise. \nThis basically shits on all the hard work mct did getting in that position for second goal, perreira\u2019s skill that led to the frst, martial and rashford just ruining bha for the third.\n\nYou might not have meant it in that sense and if that is the case the message is not being conveyed clearly. But that happens, we have all played telephone.
I know opinions are subjective but his just seem a bit harsh, a dare I say, borderline incorrect!
All we need now is a proper finisher and our attack is sorted. We can focus on the dire midfield lol.
Yeah. I don't think Rashford was *terrible* today, but he does still need time and work. I'm so glad Martial is back -- he's been our best creative outlet and totally unselfish. I think his movement off the ball today was great too. It would be nice to have another option because we won't have sufficiently effective options if we lose James/Martial/Rashford to injury. We definitely most need another top-class creative midfield option for Pereira (and by extension Pogba who will likely leave)
Oh I thought you meant he played a youth game or something.
please do state what is natural position? moved towards the ball? \n\nthe guy was jumping to block the ball. Like please do jump while running and keeping your hands on your body, feels natural? and ofc he wasn't deliberate because his body turned away(?) [clip](https://youtu.be/Jnu4LP1Z1mg?t=228) and his arm was down too, he was jumping.\n\nwhilts Martial shot, the guy is running, (up front to the back doesn't matter), he was moving, so his arm, to able to block the ball his hand was actually moving towards the ball. \n\nimo had it was a defining moment it would be big but we were winning so nobody make a fuss of it. My concern is just where's the consistency of VAR there was no check iirc.
Tough call but because he jumped upwards towards the ball, his arm is technically moving towards the ball. His arm should be tucked in today's his chest and or stomach. Instead he made himself 'bigger'.
It's not just about the arm. It's also about the distance and reaction time. See City's handball claims yesterday. The Penalty was rightly not given.
> Shaw has more of those performances you speak of than Williams has apps in first team \n\nGoes to show you how little I rate Shaw. Williams has already shown my promise in my eyes. He\u2019s more agile and not afraid to be assertive unlike Shaw who actively does nothing other than be solid defensively.
He's been playing every game, has missed sitters and hasn't made many assists or crated chances. Don't think he is vital to our game like Martial is.
He has 6 league goals for twelve appearances, and will  have a higher conversion rate if playing in from the left wing which is his only real position.
He\u2019s exactly \u2018climbing up and getting there\u2019. You\u2019re talking like he\u2019s been our first choice midfielder for years. He\u2019s only been a regular in the first 11 for about 3 months and he\u2019s a damn sight more dependable now that he was then.
He's been starter for a while now, especially after ole's tenure. And he's been undropable this season\n>He\u2019s only been a regular in the first 11 for about 3 months \n\nDon't know what's more wrong, your first statement or this.\n\nAnd you can't be a starter when you're not with first team. Jose's second year he was an up and comer, last season he became rotational player she transitioned into regular. This year he's first choice. He's definitely not what you're making him out to be
Should have sold Pogba as well then. Yeah he was more professional about it but he made his desire to leave very public. The club shouldn't be held hostage by players throwing hissy fits. That's the whole point of having a contract - even if the other party thinks they're not up to it anymore they have no choice but to perform it. Would the player give a 100% for the club? Probably not, but a Lukaku who doesn't give his 100% will still get the odd goals and is still a better backup than Greenwood. I agree in the long term you should build a team of players who want to play for the badge but in the short run you have to weigh the risks.
Pogba has been professional so far. He hasn't made excuses like Lukaku did. He reported for pre season duty with no complaints when the media was saying he doesn't want to play for us anymore.
Exactly
That's the manager's job to handle. And he obviously chose to do it by shipping him out. I'm saying he should have weighed that risk against not having a backup striker, and being in a situation where you have 16 goals in 12 league games. You're also overstating the influence a player who is obviously outgoing has on the group.
Even teams like Arsenal and spurs have struggled to score. Our issue is not creating enough chances and fluffing sitters. We could have had 3 or 4 more goals yesterday if Rashford didn\u2019t miss them or Martial was luckier. Lukaku is a worse finisher than both those players
I just want to have friends ::weeps::
Mark Clattenburg says otherwise tho, full [article](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-7670373/Manchester-City-NOT-penalty-Premier-Leagues-explanation-wrong.html). \n\n\"If Silva's arm does not divert the ball, then yes, I believe a penalty should have been awarded as Alexander-Arnold's arm is in an unnatural position and he is using it to make himself bigger.\n\nThat is why I do not understand the Premier League explanation that it was not a deliberate handball.\"\n\nAs we know he's one of the top referee, the fact that he voices differently just makes the rule still grey area. or he just didn't get updated with new rules idk.\n\nBut i'm tripping man, idk why i care so much about this, shouldve just be happy we won.
Yeah on the Left, he decent.
Yeah, I should of made that clear, as I know he is not suited to a central attacking role. His positioning as a striker is terrible, he doesn't have a lot of the natural instinctive positional attributes that the top strikers have. Also, he only seems to be effective in taking on defenders from a left-sided position. Also he isn't great in the air. \n\nI will say this though, I recon if he was getting a lot more decent balls coming in, and a bit more time to settle, his conversion rate could have been very decent. He hinted at having the potential of being a clinical finisher, but he can develop this attribute from a left-sided position, where he is a hundred times more suited.
Right, so he\u2019s recently hit a run of excellent form then hasn\u2019t he? Jesus.
No, not right. Read the whole thread.
Professional but still doesn't want to play for us so he doesn't meet your criteria. Known to cause issues in the dressing room as well.
Lukaku didn't want to be here his mind was in Inter playing for Conte he was literally twerking for Conte to sign him. As simple as that he told Ole about it and it was all sorted out. We have to buy a striker yes, but now that we're in the UEL I wouldn't mind Greenwood leading our line. If we get UCL Football next season we'll definitely sign a striker.
Arsenal and Spurs are undergoing crises of their own, we should hold ourselves to higher standards and try to look at why we aren't achieving them. I'm not the biggest Lukaku fan and I don't think he would have started ahead of Rashford or Marital anyway. But the player you have upfront has an effect on the kind of chances you can create (eg. with Lukaku on the pitch crosses into the box become a viable option) and a striker who has Lukaku's positioning ability, which is superior to Tony's and Rashford's can turn average chances into good ones. I think he would have been a good option to bring on when we were struggling to break down low blocks and would have started when Martial was out injured.
Oh wow I didn\u2019t think of that. You\u2019ve convinced me.
Glad to help :)
>Lukaku didn't want to be here his mind was in Inter playing for Conte he was literally twerking for Conte to sign him. \n\nWe don't know how much of that is down to the transfer already being given the go ahead which is what I'm arguing against in the first place. \n\n>We have to buy a striker yes, but now that we're in the UEL I wouldn't mind Greenwood leading our line. If we get UCL Football next season we'll definitely sign a striker.\n\n What about the league where we're struggling against low blocks and where Greenwood had barely had gametime.
We did well against Partizan though. If we go into matches against such teams with those tactics we used on Thursday I am sure we will carve them open. I would love us to sign midfielder in January.
Partizan are far below the level of our opponents in the league and they had to go for the win which played into our hands. It's difficult to expect the same tactics to work in the league but we can always hope. And yes we should bring in reinforcements in January
this is why this game was our best game of the year. didn't settle at all
I watched Norwich. Preferred today, outside of martial\u2019s goal, of course.\n\nEvery single counter was a threat today in the 2nd half
I missed the game
If Firmino puts in that performance we wouldn\u2019t hear the end of it.
Firmino has players that would finish the chances though.
The maturity in his game is what makes him a step above everyone else in the team. Pretty much always makes the right choice. No longer playing like a prospect.
Well... he missed two passes to Lingard and chose to shoot with the left. Stellar, but he did make 1 or 2 wrong choices
[deleted]
Yup, went off on a stretcher after the game had finished, couldn't walk to the tunnel
He didn't know the contact was coming. It's why his ankle twisted so much.
He\u2019s hardly the sort to fake injury to miss out on playing for his country.
Subscribe!
I like it, but he could just as easily withdraw from international duty without an injury excuse.
His subs made sense to me tbh. Would have like the rashford sub a bit earlier but completely fine!!
Agreed. He was coming off a knock from midweek and it wouldn't hurt to just put on a defensive player over him for the last few minutes. Oles gotta sort out those subs.
He is overworking the players. Rash should have been subbed sooner too.
Honestly all 3 of our signings have been up there with the best we\u2019ve made since SAF left
For me, James is the best signing while Martial is #2 if he keeps it up. I also think Zlatan on a free was good business for that year as he significantly helped our team.
Not Maguire. He's probably better than what we had but nowhere a top CB. And we massively overpaid.
So much more confidence in that right flank with Wan-Bissaka there
Preach..
Lingard could have had a couple of goals if Rashford and Martial had looked up.
Lingards got one goal this year why trust that waste of space to score
Rashford should be largely greedy to an extent.  But I don\u2019t think hats his intent. I think this is where he\u2019s still quite young.
I wanted that so badly for him! I screamed like a little girl when the chance came.
Such a huge improvement, finally making passes up the field
I\u2019m not a Fred fan but he had a good game - not error free but miles ahead of his typical form.
A well-deserved ovation!
2 weeks till next game, hopefully fine by then
Hope he rests and doesn't play during internationals. Kid needs a break!
He\u2019s young and a tank, he\u2019ll recover in no time.
Created like 5 clear chances. He is such a big player for us.
Yeah I thought Martial was the MotM. Fred did have a great game though.
He was great on Thursday too though
Well to be honest critics were deserved. You expect more from a 50mil player. But he had grown since the Liverpool game, he shout the mouths of everyone
who would have thought regularly playing him will get him in form
In that case, it's the recruitment responsables fault.
This exactly the knee jerk reaction stemming from the mentality that has us sitting in 7th. He had one good game in ages and suddenly he's the next Schweinsteiger.\n\nHe needs 6 more months of good to great performances to win me over.
Good here, good against Partizan and the best midfielder vs Brighton.
And Dan must attacc
we played with a broken squad against a full blown liverpool side that hadnt lost a game. No1 expected us to even hold them for a draw
Even the other game in that run where we held them to a draw was with a broken team, with 2 or 3 injuries in like the first half
I'll have to think about that for a little while longer in that case
What if both?
Ceiling above my bunk bed?
definitely do it
Same with Rojo, a rock in the defense.
0 goals conceded since Rojo came on today
Either Pogba needs to come back for that game or Andreas needs to do what he's done today, but even better. It will be difficult fixture and we really need creativity in the midfield. Also, I hope McTominay will be able to play that game.
https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-alot
Haha. Point taken. Non-native English speaker though; I cut myself some slack.\n\nOn another note, good to see some fotball fans being interessted in correct spelling \ud83d\ude09
Think he means our number 17, Fred.
Yes
Agreed. For whatever reason Ole keeps starting Pereira
Started two write it at half-time lol. The first sentence seems to have stayed unchanged :D
?
read the other reply
We looked lost for the first 20 minutes against Chelsea. This was the most comfortable PL win we've had in a while.
This was far more comfortable and deserving than the Chelsea game.\n\nThat scoreline flattered us, this one flatters Brighton.
This one was even better than the Chelsea game. Chelsea had threatened our goals a handful of times. We defended well today barring that corner.  We could even have scored at least three more.
Twist my arm! Ok!
we will \"force\" you
Fred\u2019s been getting progressively better each game lately though. Love seeing him perform like this.
McSpirits FC
I Think Pogba should be given a free role in that #10 position. Allow him to drop deep. Send in long pass. Join attacks. Track back etc.\nBetter than the a traditional am role
Rashford is awesome. Him martial and James will be proper special with talented number 10 behind them
better make the most of pogba when he's back then. I feel like martial, and even rashfor instinctively make runs when pogba dribbles around the opposition box. If fred and mek tominej continue on this good click of form, we can really start winning games when pogba returns
That Bournemouth game was played under such horrible conditions in the first half that I hesitate to critique the team too much.  \n\nConstantly having to advance into the wind and rain is absolutely miserable.
Klopp is that u?
Paul as the number 10 is going to be incredible. Really starting to like the Fred/McTominay midfield duo. Just hope McSauce is okay
I\u2019m hoping we are playing this setup in the future. I\u2019m still not sure about lindelof. He is so suspect.
Tuanzebe and Rojo are very capable replacements if Lindel\u00f6f doesn\u2019t improve
I think Fred today proved he has potential to be that type of creative CM. His pass for 3rd goal for example was sublime and like having Pogba on the pitch.\n\nThere\u2019s definitely a case for a 3-man midfield with Pogba on left, McTominay centre, Fred right.\n\nHaving Pogba as number 10 may not suit him because he\u2019s liable to receive the ball with his back to goal too much where as we know he likes running from deep.\n\nI\u2019m sure they will try both systems in training ground and see what utilises everyone best. \n\nIt\u2019s also great we now seem to have a clear starting XI when everyone\u2019s fit now Fred and McTominay are both playing well, and Martial and Rashford are both being played in their best positions.
Fred is what every team needs as depth, but I wouldn't want him to be in our main XI. Remember this team as is won't compete for the league. We have to try and close the gap to 100points (potentially.) We need a Ruben Neves type badly for a position we have no true DM of. And then another CM that will be a cut above who we have now. The mids we have (besides Pogba) are good to have for the many competitions, but as a main XI our hopes should be to challenge for CL & EPL in the coming years.
>Pogba\n\nis completely wasted as a 6, also for France. Pogba is the main reason Ole had the run that gave him the job. Pogba needs to be free to create and score.
Even could have pulled back to assist lingard when he took a shit after flicking the ball around one of their defenders. Understand him shooting though, he deserved a goal tonight \n\n*shot
Was that the one when he shot with the left foot?
[deleted]
Because everyone is busy writing him off due to that exact reason.
Rashford's misses, it still is positive that he's getting into those positions and improving over time, as he's only 22
Only negative has to be the finishing. Our goal difference is very poor and this was a chance to really hammer some in but we wasted so many great chances. Might come back to bite us in tougher games.
The potential injury to Mctominay is one, sadly
I'd argue nr 2 and 5
His brilliant ground through ball led to our third goal soon after Brighton scored their first
> ground through balls\n\nhe made like 2-3 to martial that were a little too overhit. If he fixes that, martial would have a few goals
Yup. He definately improved on those in this game, but there is still room for improvement and hoepfully he can achieve it.
2 wins in the league, Norwich and Brighton. 1 draw against Liverpool. 1 loss against a waterlogged pitch. 1 win against Chelsea at the bridge in the cup. 2 wins in Europe.
Yeah, that Bournemouth loss was just a perfect storm of shitty conditions that led to a loss and stopped the team getting their stride. It was a shitty loss but if the conditions were better we would have one that easily
~~You didn't include today's win in that form guide so neither did I.~~\n\noh wait, I just realised you did the most recent from the left. \n\nI'm used to reading them the other way. Should've realised when I saw the draw, I thought you didn't put today's game in there and started from the last. Which wouldn't makes sense, silly me.\n\nIn any case, the loss against Bournemouth was inexcusable. We squandered chances, fell asleep in the second half and we didn't play our game. Rashford and Martial didn't link up at all, were too far apart all game. Failed to take advantage of James' pace, he had the beating of their LB, but they fed him in once and only attempted one other time.
His first goal is going to come from a set piece, I'm calling it now. His long balls are class and they're screaming to go in
I think he's already scored a free kick? Seem to remember it but might have dreamt it haha
he has a rocket of a shot in him
Bottled the counter entirely doing step overs with two players wide of him waiting for a pass luckily the ball fell to martial and ended up as a goal via deflection.
Needed to swap CAMs to bring more pressing
I'm not surprised to Valencia if I'm honest, he was a wicked winger in his day.
Valencia had a hell of a season in 2012 I believe. Before they gave him the number 7. He was assisting Rooney goals week in and week out. Also, wasn't hesitant at all. Knew exactly what to do with ball. People forget he was brought in to replace Ronaldo and showed a lot of promise. Then they gave him the 7 and a couple years later moved him to RB.
Yeah all I remember is him hitting defenders with every cross as RB
I love that their chemistry is improving game by game.
Yep!
oh I didn't see this but yeah, i just thought it was interesting how quietly and fast it has happened!
Man I wish I could tell you, who knows? Games like today were certainly a positive step and I hope we can continue like this\n\nMaybe less Ashley Young...idk
He was literally our best player vs Bournemouth too though. It looked like he was the only one trying, he was very clean in stopping attacks and he created the best chance of the game.
Look at the 1st match thread for this season. You\u2019ll understand what i mean.
Oh yes so do I, fuck those guys honestly, I'm seriously considering reporting some of these users to the mods because i seriously doubt they are true fans. \n\nOne fuck actually replied this to me just earlier today with \"BTW I'm Ole out and am here every day, no need to worry about me disappearing!\" motherfucker isn't even hiding it and guess what? He hasn't commented AT ALL in the past 5 hours. So you can be bothered to spam Ole out everyday but can't be bothered to be on the sub during the match? Give me a fucking break, we need a purge of all these cunts from this sub, let them go farm their karma at r/soccer shitting on united.
Imagine reporting people to the mods because they have a different opinion than you. They aren't Ole out because they are not fans. They're Ole out because they give a shit what happens to the team
Fully agree. Ideally we'll continue with Pogba in front of the other two, and if McFred continues to show some defensive fragility, we'll just need to add a decent ball winning midfielder in the summer and we have a competent midfield without having to switch half of the team around.\n\nPlaying Pogba in the holding role hurts us defensively just from all the attacking threat we lose from not using Pogba further up.
Pogba is not a defensive player, and even though that\u2019s part of his \u201crole\u201d in the France team, he doesn\u2019t have to worry about it due to how damn good they are. His job with the NT is to create and boss the midfield, which he cannot do on United with the current squad we have.
We've improved as we've gone on and not conceding one goal isn't to be sniffed at. \n\nBesides, group stages are always tricky. Real Madrid practically made it par the course in their string of CL titles. Always had an iffy group stage.
If anything they have been probably the second ost solid team after the scousers. I think Chelsea will implode sooner or later, Lampard has done a good job but it kind of reminds me of Ole's interim period in which at one point we seemed invincible.
Chelsea has a top quality squad though. They have some multiple league winners in there.\n\nLeicester would struggle come a couple injuries. Or they get sussed out, i don't know if they've got a plan b in that squad.
Tony really came on in the second. Not really his fault about the first though. Barely had any touches. His link up play with Rashford is great. Sometimes I think Rash is a little selfish though. I think he could have had 2 assist today easy if he looked to pass instead of shoot everytime he is in the box.
It's true, they may leave gaps when they attack, but they're very solid and organised defensively and with 3 centre-backs they should still have enough numbers back. Second best defence in the league behind Leicester, they'll be tough.
Matching their 3atb could be a good way to counter them. With martial and Rashford running at the two flanking defenders and Pereira hassling their central defender, James and fred would have a great chance of running in behind the defence and scoring.
They'll be without Hendo, won't they? So that'll work in our favour as they'll have to use their second choice
They're going to come at us on the counter but they don't play for possession and they don't play with an absurdly high line like Brighton did yesterday. They'll be very organised at the back, I think we can win but it won't be easy and I don't think we'll keep a clean sheet.
But on the flip side, City can afford to accommodate weak CBs because they maintain possession most of the game. If you look at the goals that we\u2019re scored, they were school boy errors
Definitely schoolboy errors, but not helped by the lack of a good defence
He had otamendi and Cancelo on the bench though and he only made one substitution all game.
walker and stones were bad today. Angelino surprisingly was quite good esp in attack.
I think we did today, and against Astana to be fair. He's been slowly building his confidence up and his more riskier passes are paying off more. He's sorting out his control and sloppiness of the ball too.\n\nCan't wait until Pogba is back, I hope we go for a midfield 3 with Mctominay, Fred and Pogba with a staggered front 3 Rashford, Martial and James. All three are capable of feeding the front three in different ways and the defensive work ethic of the other two will free Pogba up for sure.
Nobody hates Mata as a person, most have said they hate our play when he plays.
There is also the really top level teams that can make chances out of nothing, when the play is going against them because they have magical players like Messi for instance.
Messi is more of an aberration than anything g
I say we need a quality no.10  in the summer...someone like Maddison...because our options there are Lingard,Mata and Pereira..and neither of them are good enough. And I think Pogba will be best utilized from a bit deeper...having that freedom to explore forward..linking the midfield and forward line. Of course this season it's better to use him as a 10...coz we lack quality options there.\n\nA lot of people here are of the opinion that we need another quality striker...but I think we need a CAM and a RW more..we need more creativity. A striker without any service would not help us break down low block teams. If we can get a quality no.10 and RW (that's a minimum Iam talking about..we arguably need more) we will see a huge improvement in the consistency of this team..as well as good attacking play.
I mean Fred played well, but Pereira was his usual shit.
Actually same for me, I was just so fucking fucked I couldn\u2019t stay awake without squirting out of one end or the other.
Relatable
No, that\u2019s just gambler\u2019s fallacy
Not quite, because in gambling the house always wins.
Good on you to be open
>why are we at 15 points after 12 games?\n\nInjury crisis :)\n\n> Lampard and Rodgers at the helm have less time at the helm and their teams are second and third\n\nI cannot wait for lampard honeymoon period to be over too. It's coming soon and if we're comparing ole's first 23 were much better.\n\n>How about putting results against different level of opponents, who are set up themselves differently tactically, for 8-10 games at least? \n\nExcluding Bournemouth we've won every match after martial was fit. And it's shown how much he matters to the teams performance, how about taking that into context?\n\n>Maybe I should do a hot like like yours next time when we lose, sounds like a plan.\n\nI don't doubt you will
>You're telling us that if Poch or Rangnick said they would like to take on the United project, that you would say \"no\" to it?\n\nYou're telling me that you're so triggered by this light hearted jab you have to deflect the question into something else?\n\n>Your comment is more reactionary than the ones you're trying to call out.\n\nOh yea the people who want to not sack the manger after a few bad results are reactionary because the results picked up? Get a grip.
> You're telling me that you're so triggered by this light hearted jab you have to deflect the question into something else?\n\nOh god, this o'l chestnut.\n\n> Oh yea the people who want to not sack the manger after a few bad results are reactionary because the results picked up? Get a grip.\n\nEverything is on the table, man. We have to be honest and willing to examine everything. Blame will fall where it deserves to fall. At the end of the day, we have to ask ourselves why we are not reaching our set goals? We can try and experiment with anything, but ultimately if we never quite reach what we set out for, then we're going to have to make some tough decisions. \n\nPlus we cannot keep being the only Top Club to be so mediocre and out of the conversations of teams competing for everything. We'll see where United end up at the end of the season and evaluate everyone involved. There's no room for rose tinted glasses. We are getting passed up while Liverpool get back on their perch and our noisy neighbors keep the City blue.
Yep, definitely a player you want ahead of the ball with his skill set - he has to be willing to be disciplined with his position, which is a massive weakness for him. Always tends to gravitate towards the left of midfield.
Honestly, as long as it gets goals and creativity, I'm fine with that
Jesus, I was way off. Thank you
It can be difficult to make out exactly what they're saying for sure, no worries mate
It\u2019s actually the small toe. It\u2019s also known as a Jones fracture\n\nAnyway, the reason the fifth metatarsal is a bigger deal is because of the limited blood flow to that area. The blood flow to your feet, and especially your toes, is lower than other joints/extremities (think of the people who always have ice cold feet lol). \n\nA fracture at that site takes FOREVER (if treated both operatively and non-operatively) to heal due to the lower blood flow. You have to be non-weightbearing for a pretty extended amount of time. \n\nNot sure if you remember, but Manuel Neur had to miss the World Cup and a part of his club season due to a foot injury. Wouldn\u2019t surprise me if it had been a fifth metatarsal or lisfranc injury (another nasty foot injury). \n\nI\u2019m really hoping Scott doesn\u2019t have this injury because if so it\u2019ll be a long while before we see him back.  Hope this explained it haha. Sorry for the long post.\n\nEdit: also if treated non-op there\u2019s a risk it heals incorrectly or not at all, which then warrants an operation, which means an even longer time out \u2639\ufe0f
>Sorry for the long post.\n\nNot at all. Thanks for the reply, you learn something everyday!
Got caught in literally the last second of the game, came out limping heavily.
Aarh that sucks :/
*30 years
What makes you say that? He's clearly enjoying his time there and doesn't seem to want to leave.
Read somewhere he plans to step down '21 or '22 for a sabatical. These guys are not like Fergie who could go for years and years without rest. these guys don't know how to moderate their intensity and then just pass out with a burnout.
Also even if he leaves he has setup a really good team. They can get a good manager to carry forward. Gerrard is getting ready as well.
[deleted]
He used to be. I love him to bits but he is just not what he used to be. He has 11 assists since the start of the 17/18 season in all competitions. 5049 minutes. That's an assists for every 459 minutes played. 1 assist for every 5 full games. Sure some of it can be attributed to bad finishing but you can't call it 'great'.\n\nEdit: Those numbers are from transfermarkt and they are very generous with what counts as an assist. Whoscored says 8 assists in 4502 mins since the start of 17/18 which is even worse. 1 assist every 6.25 games.
for 45 min, when not pressed...
He used to be, not anymore
What an outlet he is! The moment we get the ball in defence, we just need to look for james making a run and we seem to be creating something
And he's so young too, he'll get much better in so many areas. Hopefully he'll be our next Giggs or Beckham down the wing.
Young is likely retiring after this season and Rojo might be a backup CB. I haven\u2019t really felt this excited watching a LB than Shaw in 2015
Spurs\u2019 form flows from poch\u2019s disappointment from transfer market and they haven\u2019t seemed to have recovered from that. Arsenal on the other hand spent a fortune on the attack getting 3 insanely good goal scorers in pepe auba and laca only to play absolutely defensive and only player (ozil) who has the quality to feed the front 3  put on the sidelines. I think we can take arsenal for granted as long as emery is there but spurs will recover and we have to be prepared for that challenge.
Haller is all hype.
Think it's more West Ham being a bit shit tbh. His biggest strength is fighting for the ball and getting his team involved which is fantastic when you've got Ante Rebic and Luka Jovic and not so much when it's Mark Noble and Snodgrass.
i felt this way too. him and jovic were great. big, can hold up the ball quite well, good finisher (could improve). would've got him for relatively cheap in today's market.
Hopefully, we will appeal and the goal would be rightly given to Scott. No way it was an OG. \n\nAnd in any case, even if it isn't I'm still going to consider it Scotty's goal, since he basically created it.
With you 100% he created it but if you watch it slowed down (1:07) you can see the Brighton player get a foot on it just before it crosses the line \n\n\n\nhttps://streamable.com/9yxav
Honestly doesn\u2019t sound like a remotely useful player if he can only be played when we are 2 goals ahead
because he really isn't really a useful player\n\nhope we get rid of him soon, wish him the best but he obviously is not good enough to be playing for us
happened twice. he just need a square ball. could've at least had one goal if not two easy 5 yard goals.
Bang on martial and pogba 2 of our best players and Shaw is starting left back no wonder we've struggled. Yes we need more depth but that's not the managers fault. With a full team we can be top 4/5 without we can't.
But if you're one of the many in here that relish when we lose and can't wait to come in here to spew nothing but reactionary negativity, be consistent with your lack of support and fuck off when we win.
I\u2019m very consistent - I am displeased if we play badly and/or look like we have no offensive plan, and am pleased when we play well and have an offensive plan. \n\nThe team is inconsistent. My view on what makes a good performance stays exactly the same. Being positive about every performance is dumb, as is being negative about every performance.\n\nMy view that this season has, overall, been a negative experience is shared by most fans, I suspect. We have looked poor in at least 75% of games. Playing well in a couple of games doesn\u2019t erase the mess that has been the last two months.\n\nNot sure how you think that you have the consistent outlook here, lol.
This is the same style we've been trying to implement since the start of the season. Look at the similarities to this performance and Chelsea. If you don't see that it's your problem not the manager.
So the manager successfully implemented his style, having been managing the club for almost a year, twice in the first twenty games of the season. Awesome...
As I said. In the post you are replying to. His final ball has improved 10x in just a few months. Points to good work on the training field.
apologies, misread your point.
I thought he was really close to coming back. Maybe he'll return after the break then.
He did play a game, maybe the docs saw something they didn\u2019t like after it.
The young ones have the Astana game coming up.
\"not prioritized\" are you mad? We need to replace lukaku and sanchez, and even when we had them, we still needed an RW bc mata and lingard do jack shit in that position. i agree CM is a top priority. If anything, CD is our position of least concern. We have the 4th best defense in the league, only 4 more goals shipped than the top.
Not prioritized, as in not prioritized as the first and most imortant signing. For me, its cm > rw > cd.\n\nRw is needed for rotation, yes. Sancho would be a dream signing, but only if we first fill the gap in cm.\n\nI dont want us to stack every position like city, I Still want to give youth a chance. So those 2 positions would be Good for me, but then the gaps should be for our youth.\n\nCD is not an immidiate concern, I agree. But I dont see any other immidiate holes to fill at any price
[deleted]
yea, he was a cheap buy from the championship but to be fair, he's stepped up and oftentimes is our most dangerous threat going forward. We do need the rotation though, bc one injury, and we are fucked.
Price is irrelevant when it comes to selecting the team. As of now, I would argue that James is one of our best players
i disagree. Jadon is good esp in highlight videos but I'd seen him disappear and not do anything in games. James OTOH gives you 100 percent effort even when defending and he scares the daylights out of defenders with his speed and drive. Reminds me of Coppell.
Yeah but we can't discredit any win we have where a team plays a high line. You can only beat what's in front of you. \n\nBut I do agree with you, we struggle to control and dictate games and hopefully that will come with confidence, if not its what's damning Ole. \n\nBut for today a good performance and something to be happy about on a sunday afternoon.
That is true, I really just want to see him become the best player he can be
I think theres more too it. Creativity was a problem last season. Sancho was hopefully going to fix that but when he turned us down, there was no noise of signing another senior RW. We put all our eggs in the Dybala basket but he didn't want to join. We talked to Tielemans and Bruno but nothing serious. There never felt like a push from management to get those deals done. Mourinho and LVG made it well known when we weren't moving for their players. This summer all the pressure to make signings seemed to come from the media and fans, nobody internal.
Martial is an absolute beast. He could've had 2 goals and 4 assists if we had managed to convert. Conversion rate has to increase and very few teams would match our goalscoring capability, but missing sitters is an ongoing problem throughout the whole team.
Indeed it is.  At least we scored some ugly goals for the first time this year.
CM for sure. I feel like we should let Pogba play in Andreas\u2019s spot and get an experienced RW (left-footed ideally) taking over from James. James coming of the bench would be terrifying.
Definitely, don\u2019t mind an older striker coming in to add some experience without blocking Martial or Greenwood.
He looks better down the right and are backup is a teenage CF. Surely, we need more if we are to compete for the top.
I agree, but the lack of depth is there for everyone to see. Hopefully, Woody and crew back up their talk and get some business done.
Excluding the wins there are some positives. \n\n1.\tAll three summer signings look good\n2.\tGarner, Greenwood, and Williams look promising \n3.\tMcT, Rashford, and Martial have kicked on from being promising to actually delivering \n\nA win streak would be great but there have been some positives lately as well. We have been ravaged with injuries and the squad was threadbare to begin with.
Bro you are expecting this team to win 8-9 games straight? If those are your standards for a decent team then only Liverpool would fill your appetite in all of Europe.
It all depends on his form. Inform shaw is much better than Williams. Its Just a question of when he will get there.
not seen inform shaw since before he broke his leg.
We still have to see what Williams does against stronger opposition. Shaw is still #1.
Williams stays as Shaw's backup instead of Young
Yup just saw it myself. Thanks! We've basically scored the harder ones and let the easier ones slip. Typical ?
If you look on the bright side, we are the team that took points off em.
And we'll take 3 more off them come January ;-)
At least those two points were against us.
Both of you can be right at the same time
Liverpool still won the CL from this.
But you can't just brush off a shot can't be a goal. His hand was on the air, deliberate or not it hit his hand and block a goal chance.\n\nthis comment from city pool game \" \u201cIf Silva's arm does not divert the ball, then yes, I believe a penalty should have been awarded as Alexander-Arnold's arm is in an unnatural position and he is using it to make himself bigger \". Trent hand was also down but considered as making himself bigger.
Arm was in a natural position and did not move towards the ball.
And against Liverpool as well. They were hugely fortunate to win that match.
Yeah, unfortunately Rashford missed a tap-in.
I don\u2019t think so, their entire attacking setup is based around crosses and that is his best attribute.
So the record of all time is 20 assists in a season by a footballing legend but you think Dan James would break that by a considerable amount? \n\nEspecially with the rotation City use?
It happens too frequently for that to be the case though. Pretty much every time we go into half time with a lead we are almost always restrained and happy to let the other team have the ball.
I'd argue we haven't been a team high on confidence for a long time. And we pushed on after the 3rd goal and created chances, because we were feeling confident.
Still a mistake. He picked up an injury in the midweek game so he needed to have his minutes managed as a precaution.
But his injury from midweek was completely irrelevant to what happened today? It was an accident, you can't blame bad luck on Ole as well...
How could he have predicted what was gonna happen? Not like he re-aggravated his prior injury or anything. This was a complete separate incident, just bad luck.
He couldn\u2019t predict it, don\u2019t know where I\u2019ve suggested he could have?\n\nWhat I mean is that CM is our weakest, thinnest department. Seems obvious to me you\u2019d take off the *critical* midfielder that\u2019s played 90mins of every game rather than Williams.
Tbh idk why Garner wasn't brought on after our 3rd goal.
Because McTominay and Fred were both playing really well?\n\nTake one of them off and put Garner in. What if he makes a mistake that leads to a goal? Then we're in danger of not getting the three points and Garner's confidence is shattered. Say Brighton equalize as well. This sub would be asking for Ole's head on a plate! Some people just have to hate on something. There was nothing wrong with the subs today.
so did Mek
Yes he does. But he also wants to leave, so we will need to prepare ourselves for the Post-Pogba United.
Doubt he leaves if we are doing well. If we had made champs league last season it would have been a different story.
Not a chance. Shaw has everything to prove. Williams is already more assertive
Player of the season Luke Shaw has Everything to prove compared to a 19 year old on his 2nd appearance
\n>Shaw has everything to prove.\n\nShaw is literally our player of the season but let's not get facts in the way of sensationalism
That\u2019s the thing though, we really needed two hard working midfielders who can carry the ball and thread a pass through the lines. Hard to exploit our pace without it. Can\u2019t wait to see a Fred/McT pivot behind Pogba.
He only hit form but recently, when Martial came back. Martial is the main man. Rashford take a lot of chances and is not good at taking them or link-up play, which is why we suffered without Pogba and Martial. It was all over the place.\n\nTo take a step up Rashford need to put the tabs ins constantly and improve he's link-up game.
As Striker Greenwood is way more clinical 100%.
And you know this how?
I think Pereira is a better free kick taker - Rashford has scored more because he's taken more chances. In regards to creativity, his final 3rd passing is unfortunately not the best this season. However, like I mentioned, he excels in getting into the box and getting on the end of plays.
He is building up to have the breakthrough season we have been anticipating for years. He is a main contender for league top scorer. Also he might well be the best free-kick taker in the league, especially from thirty yards out. He can take players on better than anyone, his finishing can be clinical. His passing can be good at times. He is maturing into a wold-class player, and this season could mould him into something unbelievable and you want to replace him with Greenwood and let Pereira take the frees instead? You are fucking mental!
Not at all. James has pace but he seldom takes on and dribbles past fullbacks successfully. His successful dribbles per 90 confirm this . He has 1 successful dribble per game average, pretty low for a winger. What he's getting better at now is decision making and crossing to offset his low take ons
That might be true, if the full back leaves space in behind him. In games when we are facing a defensive full back, James doesn't really seem to be able to do much. Greenwood is able to cut in with his left or go down with his right, making him much more suited for a right-sided attacker with heavy attacking duties.
Good thing I didn\u2019t say that then innit.
You preety much implied innit
The best teams and players miss big chances all the time, the trick is to just create more chances, like we have been doing lately. Entertaining games!
He was playing through injury regardless, no need for him to finish the game when we had already won. Obviously this wasn't related but I would make that comment even if he didn't get injured. Same goes for Rashford.
Wasn't aware Rashford was injured too, certainly didn't look it. Maybe you're right but realistically Garner was the only replacement on the bench and if McT goes off and United conceded, people would be calling for his head. This whole subbing narrative thing this season ultimately boils down to the lack of depth in the team
it wasn't but it was aggravated by what happened with the Brighton player. Knowing ankle injuries if its a mild sprain, he should be training within three weeks or so.
Ole knew he was already injured, should have been taken him off earlier when the game was essentially won. Obviously the tackle at the end had nothing to do with the previous injury but that's not my point.
I don't think OP is trying to blame Ole tbf
Same, just sounds like he didn't actually watch the game and is just making accusations based on hearing the news
Scott had an ankle niggle but played the full match and sprained his ankle. How on earth do you know this is unrelated? Even if it was unrelated, why was he on the field for 90 mins?\n\nI support Ole btw.I mainly think we should have more depth and avoid playing players with niggles.Is there anyone who honestly does not want that?
Been listening that narrative since SAF left. \n\nI want a cleanup next summer. OLE is trying to build something and we can\u2019t have players that aren\u2019t upto the task.
How is Shaw not up to task? The only mark against him is his fitness record. You can't praise a kid to the high heavens like this when we haven't seen enough to even come to a verdict.\n The jury is still out. We had quite a few youngsters under LVG who were subject to a lot of praise but couldn't cut it eventually. Let Brandon Williams breathe. If you've been watching the game long enough you should know not to get too excited so quickly.
He's turning Marital into Thiery Henry.\n\nMake the team not always depend on Pogba.\n\nLet the youngster turn into super stars.
Too bad he had a contract with us then. He would have been backup for Martial anyway. We shouldn't have let him go without signing a replacement.
Yes we should've signed a replacement but he wanted to leave since Feb. He had told Ole about it as well. Also Ole had given Woodward the list for his replacements but he failed to bring anyone in.
I know. He also misses a lot right?
I mean .... you say no academy product... he might not be completely ready but there's this lil guy waiting on the wings to get a crack at the spot. Goes by the name Angel.
Gomes is yet to perform in a cup game. Williams and Greenwood have. Gomes is injured currently I believe.
Am I being downvoted because I\u2019m not contributing to the conversation?
No, probably for saying you could have scored the goal. Every great striker has missed an open goal, happens sometimes. Doesn't reduce their value
That makes no sense as getting at 10 mins from the bench earlier this season. He's had a 'feel'. With your logic Rojo should've started and not Williams as needs to get used to the feel.
He's still young and inexperienced. It's not \"mad\" or \"crazy\" to still be easing him in. There's a case to be made for it. That's all. And no. That's daft logic. Cos Rojo is a liability and Rashford isn't. Obviously.
kinda hard when they are doing commentary on the game :p\n\n\nThe brazzilian team tends to be good on their transfer talks so wanted to know if a more credible source said something about him leaving
Honestly, ESPN are so unreliable, you can often just assume the opposite of what they are saying will happen, and it will be more likely to come true. If ESPN are saying he's leaving in Jan, then you can assume he will sign a new contract soon.
Because my opinion is different to yours?
I thought the comment was a play on your username. \nMy bad then. Sometimes I try to think too smart.
No, its because you are being a prick. Every game has negatives and positives to take away. This game had way more positive take away. Nice attacking build up throughout, solid defence in open play, exceptional williams, fred, mcterminator doing his usual, dan james looking much better than he did last few games, rashford martial link ups are becoming a thing. \n\nAlso lack of good finish/quality in the final third does not translate to cluelessness in attack. \u2018ATTACK\u2019 is way more than the final shot on goal.
you can only say positive opinion on this thread, unfortunately thats the rules, if you criticize the club you are a plastic or not a real fan.
We\u2019re young. People never thought Raheem Sterling would be able to finish and look at him now. Rashford will definitely get more clinical.
Not passing to Lingard is always the right choice.
What, the bar is \"perfect\" now?
It has always been. We are United
Apparently he was walking with a limp after the game tho, hopefully he's alright after the intl break
Yeah those are the other two that I would include with the top signings post SAF. Pogba too but if he leaves I\u2019ll probably think a little differently. There\u2019ve been a few others that were decent to good and then a whole lot of pretty shit signings.
You wouldn\u2019t throw AWB in there right now? That kid has been a god send to me.
For me, he is the #4, possibly ahead of Zlatan at #3. He's obviously incredible defensively, but going forward, he's pretty bang average, if not subpar. I think fans will start to realize this more as time goes on.  For 55m, he's a good signing, but I wouldn't say great relative to the price tag.
I disagree. He\u2019s quite good imo and much better than any other cb signing post SAF.
Because he's in a better position and scoring goals will help get his confidence back up, which will benefit the team in the long run.\n\nHave you ever played football?
Hope none of our players play
Also the best player on the pitch away against PSG last season.  Some people have short memories, he\u2019s been on the verge of being excellent for a while, he\u2019s just needed a run in a settled side.
I'm disappointed in Rojos performance. Didn't see any bare chesting or marauding
A more subdued performance for sure.
I just always think that word looks funny. Your written English is quite good mate!
This is why we need Neves and Maddison. Else, Declan Rice is another option.
Exactly. There should be no debate on this topic. We need serious upgrades. That doesn't mean we sell off the ones we have. Of course not. We keep them for squad depth. We will definitely need to rest players, so these ones are good enough to take over for when that happens.
Yup
Lingard or rashford would have been in loads of space
I'm fairly sure we sound like Klopp here  right now
To be fair, 35mph winds, with gusts of up to 54mph   in torrential rain and playing on a waterlogged pitch isn't exactly conductive towards good attacking football and makes it ridiculously hard to control the ball. The result was bad but the conditions were horrendous.
He's scored once for us, it was in 2018 from open play against wolves
That must be it! Think it was a good goal from memory
You misread me. Theres nothing wrong with being Ole out or having a different opinion. Theres something wrong if ALL you post on here is Ole out. If you give a shit about the team maybe you'd be on here both when the team does well AND when it doesn't? How is that so hard to understand
Putting Pogba in a role with a bit more freedom that is also positioned further forward just makes sense.\n\nFred and Mctominay seem to have begun to click to an extent, and Fred is finally beginning to show signs of adapting to the league. Is everything perfect? No, but I don\u2019t think there is a better option for us in the current squad.\n\nPogba in a slightly higher role will not only provide further attacking threats but also Pogba is actually a really good ball winner. Issue is his mental application to tracking/etc. but his actual reading of the game for pressing, tackling technique and physicality would provide us with further danger pressing forward.\n\nIt also gives us more tactical versatility when something isn\u2019t working since you know you could slot him further back to make adjustments. \n\nI\u2019m not sold on Pogba being a 10, it isn\u2019t his best position in my opinion. But I also think in our current system he could technically lineup as a 10 but not actually be limited to being a traditional 10 and instead could be given the freedom to influence the game in a wider variety of aspects. \n\nPlus getting him closer to Martial seems like a huge benefit because they do link up the best out of anyone on our team.
Leicester also have a few league winners of their own, whereas the likes of Pedro, Willian, etc are ageing. Idk,I might be wrong, but I don't think they can't keep winning like they have for much longer. A trip to Etihad is coming up for them and in most likelihood they'll drop points.
In any case, it's them two we can hope to drop points.\n\nbut, we need to find consistency at the toughest point in our season, and it doesn't get much easier later. \n\nHave Pogba back and stay injury free, maybe we can do it
That\u2019s not what the gamblers fallacy is\n\nThe gambler fallacy is believing that past results are an indicator for future results
Ahh, TIL. \n\nI completely had the wrong meaning of the phrase all these days!
Cheers, I think I vaguely remember reading that somewhere as well. If he wins the Premier League and the CWC maybe it'll happen since he'll believe he's accomplished everything he could with Liverpool, but things change and time will tell.
i did see the league table and we don't even have half the points they have. oh well..
Sad but I agree. Generally they have good personnel  on and off the field.
Against Partizan, Mata crossed to Young who laid it of to Rashford  for our third goal. That won't show as an assist yet was a pivotal pass. Stats aren't everything.
Mata was great against Partizan. IMO his best performance in a United shirt for a very long time. Still doesn't change the fact that he generally doesn't create enough anymore. Maybe that changes if the two most recent games are an indicator of what's to come under Ole. I certainly hope so.
Really hope he makes that RW his. We've been missing a proper right winger for ages.
Yeah, and I do think its one of the reasons why we've been so lacking up front the past few years. There's not been a viable, dangerous attacking threat from us out wide for ages. Our (often makeshift) wingers the best few years have also been so disappointing with their crosses too. Hopefully with James now we'll really stretch those defences wide and create space.
The Brighton player got the last touch, sure, but it was already going in. OG is given only when a player directs an off target ball into the net.
No bother \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe
Which game was it?
Not sure, EL or cup.
He was motm in alot of games under mourinho so i dont think thats fair. His max potential probably dropped after he broke his leg, but he has had som really impressive periods
Anfield is so feared now. Liverpool have like a 45 game unbeaten streak at Anfield. I wish for 2 things : \n\n1) We need to make Old Trafford a fortress. \n\n2) Man United should silence Anfield when we play there. Heard too much from Liverpool fans to be honest.
Liverpool's record at OT is also shit
So we shouldn't have gotten penalty against PSG? arm was in natural position, the guy turned and no time to react so no deliberate too.\nimo that was natural arm position while jumping. i mean how do you jump while keeping hand close on body lol
Arm wasn't in a natural position and it moved towards the ball.
I mean in all comps, not just the league
25-30 assists in all comps would still be absolutely ridiculous. Messi holds the record at 29.\n\nThe best to ever play the sport.\n\nAbsolute absurdity. Even if he played every game for City (he wouldn\u2019t under Pep by any means), you think Dan James would consistently be better than any assister in the history of mankind
You guys are not getting my point. Letting a player who just picked up an injury 3-4 days ago play 90 mins is a huge risk. I am not saying his previous injury influenced this one, I am just saying Ole should have taken the precaution of subbing off McTominay after the 3rd goal.
Or maybe they know what his injury was and this one is unrelated. If you\u2019re going to start saying we shouldn\u2019t play players due to the risk of contact injuries then we\u2019re left with no players.
I specifically stated that after our 3rd goal. The game was done then.
We scored the 3rd in the 66th minute. Plenty of time left of the game to score two goals. Even if Brighton had scored 10 minutes later it would have made for a really nervous end to the game. Arguably our best period in the game was after we scored the 3rd. Very possible that would not be the case if we had changed our midfield.
I watched every game and he was nothing special. The best out of a shit bunch is nothing impressive
> I watched every game and he was nothing special. The best out of a shit bunch is nothing impressive\n\nAlso can\u2019t remember the last time Shaw put together back to back convincing performances. He\u2019s awful going forward
I can't remember the last time Brandon played back to back games? Again, after 2 matches (I'm not trying to discredit Williams here), you judge him to be better than Shaw. Shaw has more of those performances you speak of than Williams has apps in first team
When he played Central striker, none of the ex-players pundits very impressed neither. We very horrible going forward, he could link-up play or hold up the ball. Look at Greenwood goal ratio pr. minute and you'll a clinical finisher.
An attacking role from the left is his only position, leave him there and see him bang in 20+ league goals every season.
Best free kick taker in the league? And I'm mental? I'm not even going to bother. 1 free kick scored after 3 seasons as the designated free kick taker. Go figure. https://www.premierleague.com/players/13565/Marcus-Rashford/stats
He has scored more than one.
World class, you must be talking about Martial. Rashford has been out of form for months and only recently delivered when Martial came back, who is great at linking-up play and unselfish when playing. Rashford thinks he Ronaldo, he's a decent LW and so is Daniel James. \n\nRashford has blasted so many free kicks and penalties I can't even keep track.
He has scored nine already this season. Also most of his spot kicks and pens have been decent.
I said \u2018one of\u2019. Follow your own advice and pay more attention.
>starting to look the real deal, culminating in one of his best games in a United shit\n\nUhuh. So let's get this straight first, he was good today but definitely not his best self. So, when he's  not that amazing one match but you're trying to run a narrative someone who's climbing up and getting there and having one his best games before cruelly being injured because of our twisted luck with injury. You try to imply exactly that :)
Rashford wasn't injured he's just been playing every minute of every game. No reason Greenwood can't replace him after the third goal to avoid an injury. \n\nI get that there's not always a good option on the bench but this seems like a pretty obvious swap to me once we got a 2 goal lead again.
You're too positive if you think a 2 goal lead means anything to this current united team the way they've been playing this season
We can\u2019t have a player with 1st team wages that doesn\u2019t plays 30 matches in a year. Sorry but we can\u2019t have that.
Ole wanted him out too because he didn't fit the system. And if Ed failed to bring in the replacements we should have kept him on in the interests of the club, sold him in Jan or next summer
He wasn't interested in playing for us. Why would you keep a player like that I don't get it. The sooner you get rid of him the better and that's what Ole did.
Doesn't work that way. Lukaku wanted out and he was getting very toxic in the dressing room. He wouldn't be a good example to the young players that are coming up from the academy and could be a bad influence on them.
I love Beanz and think he\u2019s incredible. But I still could have scored that \u2014 mostly just having a laugh. Just figures it counted as general banter for the offday discussion thread.
This is a very reactionary sub the day during and immediately after a game, i tend to stay away from commenting anything that can be misconstrued in the day immediately following a game because people here get very excitable.
Rojo has not been a liability this season at all
He's played 122 minutes in the Prem this year. And was woeful against Newcastle. I agree that he did ok against the mighty Partizan and Astana.
I gave positives, are you capable of reading past a couple of words?
Again, i will quote myself, this game had more positives than negatives. The guy above and i agree to the username coz you are bringing in a more negative approach to a good game. Saying we looked good for 20 mins and 2 goals were lucky doesn\u2019t help. That basically says only positives was the last 20 mins and that too because BHA were scrambling for equaliser so we did nothing to open em up. \nSumming up, i take away (from your comment) that this game was 2 lucky goals and third coz BHA lost composure. We stood no chance otherwise. \nThis basically shits on all the hard work mct did getting in that position for second goal, perreira\u2019s skill that led to the frst, martial and rashford just ruining bha for the third.\n\nYou might not have meant it in that sense and if that is the case the message is not being conveyed clearly. But that happens, we have all played telephone.
I know opinions are subjective but his just seem a bit harsh, a dare I say, borderline incorrect!
All we need now is a proper finisher and our attack is sorted. We can focus on the dire midfield lol.
Yeah. I don't think Rashford was *terrible* today, but he does still need time and work. I'm so glad Martial is back -- he's been our best creative outlet and totally unselfish. I think his movement off the ball today was great too. It would be nice to have another option because we won't have sufficiently effective options if we lose James/Martial/Rashford to injury. We definitely most need another top-class creative midfield option for Pereira (and by extension Pogba who will likely leave)
Oh I thought you meant he played a youth game or something.
please do state what is natural position? moved towards the ball? \n\nthe guy was jumping to block the ball. Like please do jump while running and keeping your hands on your body, feels natural? and ofc he wasn't deliberate because his body turned away(?) [clip](https://youtu.be/Jnu4LP1Z1mg?t=228) and his arm was down too, he was jumping.\n\nwhilts Martial shot, the guy is running, (up front to the back doesn't matter), he was moving, so his arm, to able to block the ball his hand was actually moving towards the ball. \n\nimo had it was a defining moment it would be big but we were winning so nobody make a fuss of it. My concern is just where's the consistency of VAR there was no check iirc.
Tough call but because he jumped upwards towards the ball, his arm is technically moving towards the ball. His arm should be tucked in today's his chest and or stomach. Instead he made himself 'bigger'.
It's not just about the arm. It's also about the distance and reaction time. See City's handball claims yesterday. The Penalty was rightly not given.
> Shaw has more of those performances you speak of than Williams has apps in first team \n\nGoes to show you how little I rate Shaw. Williams has already shown my promise in my eyes. He\u2019s more agile and not afraid to be assertive unlike Shaw who actively does nothing other than be solid defensively.
He's been playing every game, has missed sitters and hasn't made many assists or crated chances. Don't think he is vital to our game like Martial is.
He has 6 league goals for twelve appearances, and will  have a higher conversion rate if playing in from the left wing which is his only real position.
He\u2019s exactly \u2018climbing up and getting there\u2019. You\u2019re talking like he\u2019s been our first choice midfielder for years. He\u2019s only been a regular in the first 11 for about 3 months and he\u2019s a damn sight more dependable now that he was then.
He's been starter for a while now, especially after ole's tenure. And he's been undropable this season\n>He\u2019s only been a regular in the first 11 for about 3 months \n\nDon't know what's more wrong, your first statement or this.\n\nAnd you can't be a starter when you're not with first team. Jose's second year he was an up and comer, last season he became rotational player she transitioned into regular. This year he's first choice. He's definitely not what you're making him out to be
Should have sold Pogba as well then. Yeah he was more professional about it but he made his desire to leave very public. The club shouldn't be held hostage by players throwing hissy fits. That's the whole point of having a contract - even if the other party thinks they're not up to it anymore they have no choice but to perform it. Would the player give a 100% for the club? Probably not, but a Lukaku who doesn't give his 100% will still get the odd goals and is still a better backup than Greenwood. I agree in the long term you should build a team of players who want to play for the badge but in the short run you have to weigh the risks.
Pogba has been professional so far. He hasn't made excuses like Lukaku did. He reported for pre season duty with no complaints when the media was saying he doesn't want to play for us anymore.
Exactly
That's the manager's job to handle. And he obviously chose to do it by shipping him out. I'm saying he should have weighed that risk against not having a backup striker, and being in a situation where you have 16 goals in 12 league games. You're also overstating the influence a player who is obviously outgoing has on the group.
Even teams like Arsenal and spurs have struggled to score. Our issue is not creating enough chances and fluffing sitters. We could have had 3 or 4 more goals yesterday if Rashford didn\u2019t miss them or Martial was luckier. Lukaku is a worse finisher than both those players
I just want to have friends ::weeps::
Mark Clattenburg says otherwise tho, full [article](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-7670373/Manchester-City-NOT-penalty-Premier-Leagues-explanation-wrong.html). \n\n\"If Silva's arm does not divert the ball, then yes, I believe a penalty should have been awarded as Alexander-Arnold's arm is in an unnatural position and he is using it to make himself bigger.\n\nThat is why I do not understand the Premier League explanation that it was not a deliberate handball.\"\n\nAs we know he's one of the top referee, the fact that he voices differently just makes the rule still grey area. or he just didn't get updated with new rules idk.\n\nBut i'm tripping man, idk why i care so much about this, shouldve just be happy we won.
Yeah on the Left, he decent.
Yeah, I should of made that clear, as I know he is not suited to a central attacking role. His positioning as a striker is terrible, he doesn't have a lot of the natural instinctive positional attributes that the top strikers have. Also, he only seems to be effective in taking on defenders from a left-sided position. Also he isn't great in the air. \n\nI will say this though, I recon if he was getting a lot more decent balls coming in, and a bit more time to settle, his conversion rate could have been very decent. He hinted at having the potential of being a clinical finisher, but he can develop this attribute from a left-sided position, where he is a hundred times more suited.
Right, so he\u2019s recently hit a run of excellent form then hasn\u2019t he? Jesus.
No, not right. Read the whole thread.
Professional but still doesn't want to play for us so he doesn't meet your criteria. Known to cause issues in the dressing room as well.
Lukaku didn't want to be here his mind was in Inter playing for Conte he was literally twerking for Conte to sign him. As simple as that he told Ole about it and it was all sorted out. We have to buy a striker yes, but now that we're in the UEL I wouldn't mind Greenwood leading our line. If we get UCL Football next season we'll definitely sign a striker.
Arsenal and Spurs are undergoing crises of their own, we should hold ourselves to higher standards and try to look at why we aren't achieving them. I'm not the biggest Lukaku fan and I don't think he would have started ahead of Rashford or Marital anyway. But the player you have upfront has an effect on the kind of chances you can create (eg. with Lukaku on the pitch crosses into the box become a viable option) and a striker who has Lukaku's positioning ability, which is superior to Tony's and Rashford's can turn average chances into good ones. I think he would have been a good option to bring on when we were struggling to break down low blocks and would have started when Martial was out injured.
Oh wow I didn\u2019t think of that. You\u2019ve convinced me.
Glad to help :)
>Lukaku didn't want to be here his mind was in Inter playing for Conte he was literally twerking for Conte to sign him. \n\nWe don't know how much of that is down to the transfer already being given the go ahead which is what I'm arguing against in the first place. \n\n>We have to buy a striker yes, but now that we're in the UEL I wouldn't mind Greenwood leading our line. If we get UCL Football next season we'll definitely sign a striker.\n\n What about the league where we're struggling against low blocks and where Greenwood had barely had gametime.
We did well against Partizan though. If we go into matches against such teams with those tactics we used on Thursday I am sure we will carve them open. I would love us to sign midfielder in January.
Partizan are far below the level of our opponents in the league and they had to go for the win which played into our hands. It's difficult to expect the same tactics to work in the league but we can always hope. And yes we should bring in reinforcements in January
Would have preferred a 5-1 response. It\u2019s crazy how we can dominate a game without having massive possession.
I watched Norwich. Preferred today, outside of martial\u2019s goal, of course.\n\nEvery single counter was a threat today in the 2nd half
I missed the game
If Firmino puts in that performance we wouldn\u2019t hear the end of it.
Firmino has players that would finish the chances though.
The maturity in his game is what makes him a step above everyone else in the team. Pretty much always makes the right choice. No longer playing like a prospect.
Well... he missed two passes to Lingard and chose to shoot with the left. Stellar, but he did make 1 or 2 wrong choices
[deleted]
Yup, went off on a stretcher after the game had finished, couldn't walk to the tunnel
He didn't know the contact was coming. It's why his ankle twisted so much.
He\u2019s hardly the sort to fake injury to miss out on playing for his country.
Subscribe!
I like it, but he could just as easily withdraw from international duty without an injury excuse.
His subs made sense to me tbh. Would have like the rashford sub a bit earlier but completely fine!!
Agreed. He was coming off a knock from midweek and it wouldn't hurt to just put on a defensive player over him for the last few minutes. Oles gotta sort out those subs.
He is overworking the players. Rash should have been subbed sooner too.
Honestly all 3 of our signings have been up there with the best we\u2019ve made since SAF left
For me, James is the best signing while Martial is #2 if he keeps it up. I also think Zlatan on a free was good business for that year as he significantly helped our team.
Not Maguire. He's probably better than what we had but nowhere a top CB. And we massively overpaid.
So much more confidence in that right flank with Wan-Bissaka there
Preach..
Lingard could have had a couple of goals if Rashford and Martial had looked up.
Lingards got one goal this year why trust that waste of space to score
Rashford should be largely greedy to an extent.  But I don\u2019t think hats his intent. I think this is where he\u2019s still quite young.
I wanted that so badly for him! I screamed like a little girl when the chance came.
Such a huge improvement, finally making passes up the field
I\u2019m not a Fred fan but he had a good game - not error free but miles ahead of his typical form.
A well-deserved ovation!
2 weeks till next game, hopefully fine by then
Hope he rests and doesn't play during internationals. Kid needs a break!
He\u2019s young and a tank, he\u2019ll recover in no time.
Created like 5 clear chances. He is such a big player for us.
Yeah I thought Martial was the MotM. Fred did have a great game though.
He was great on Thursday too though
Well to be honest critics were deserved. You expect more from a 50mil player. But he had grown since the Liverpool game, he shout the mouths of everyone
who would have thought regularly playing him will get him in form
In that case, it's the recruitment responsables fault.
This exactly the knee jerk reaction stemming from the mentality that has us sitting in 7th. He had one good game in ages and suddenly he's the next Schweinsteiger.\n\nHe needs 6 more months of good to great performances to win me over.
Good here, good against Partizan and the best midfielder vs Brighton.
And Dan must attacc
we played with a broken squad against a full blown liverpool side that hadnt lost a game. No1 expected us to even hold them for a draw
Even the other game in that run where we held them to a draw was with a broken team, with 2 or 3 injuries in like the first half
I'll have to think about that for a little while longer in that case
What if both?
Ceiling above my bunk bed?
definitely do it
Same with Rojo, a rock in the defense.
0 goals conceded since Rojo came on today
Either Pogba needs to come back for that game or Andreas needs to do what he's done today, but even better. It will be difficult fixture and we really need creativity in the midfield. Also, I hope McTominay will be able to play that game.
https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-alot
Haha. Point taken. Non-native English speaker though; I cut myself some slack.\n\nOn another note, good to see some fotball fans being interessted in correct spelling \ud83d\ude09
Think he means our number 17, Fred.
Yes
Agreed. For whatever reason Ole keeps starting Pereira
Started two write it at half-time lol. The first sentence seems to have stayed unchanged :D
?
read the other reply
We looked lost for the first 20 minutes against Chelsea. This was the most comfortable PL win we've had in a while.
This was far more comfortable and deserving than the Chelsea game.\n\nThat scoreline flattered us, this one flatters Brighton.
This one was even better than the Chelsea game. Chelsea had threatened our goals a handful of times. We defended well today barring that corner.  We could even have scored at least three more.
Twist my arm! Ok!
we will \"force\" you
Fred\u2019s been getting progressively better each game lately though. Love seeing him perform like this.
McSpirits FC
I Think Pogba should be given a free role in that #10 position. Allow him to drop deep. Send in long pass. Join attacks. Track back etc.\nBetter than the a traditional am role
Rashford is awesome. Him martial and James will be proper special with talented number 10 behind them
better make the most of pogba when he's back then. I feel like martial, and even rashfor instinctively make runs when pogba dribbles around the opposition box. If fred and mek tominej continue on this good click of form, we can really start winning games when pogba returns
That Bournemouth game was played under such horrible conditions in the first half that I hesitate to critique the team too much.  \n\nConstantly having to advance into the wind and rain is absolutely miserable.
Klopp is that u?
Paul as the number 10 is going to be incredible. Really starting to like the Fred/McTominay midfield duo. Just hope McSauce is okay
I\u2019m hoping we are playing this setup in the future. I\u2019m still not sure about lindelof. He is so suspect.
Tuanzebe and Rojo are very capable replacements if Lindel\u00f6f doesn\u2019t improve
I think Fred today proved he has potential to be that type of creative CM. His pass for 3rd goal for example was sublime and like having Pogba on the pitch.\n\nThere\u2019s definitely a case for a 3-man midfield with Pogba on left, McTominay centre, Fred right.\n\nHaving Pogba as number 10 may not suit him because he\u2019s liable to receive the ball with his back to goal too much where as we know he likes running from deep.\n\nI\u2019m sure they will try both systems in training ground and see what utilises everyone best. \n\nIt\u2019s also great we now seem to have a clear starting XI when everyone\u2019s fit now Fred and McTominay are both playing well, and Martial and Rashford are both being played in their best positions.
Fred is what every team needs as depth, but I wouldn't want him to be in our main XI. Remember this team as is won't compete for the league. We have to try and close the gap to 100points (potentially.) We need a Ruben Neves type badly for a position we have no true DM of. And then another CM that will be a cut above who we have now. The mids we have (besides Pogba) are good to have for the many competitions, but as a main XI our hopes should be to challenge for CL & EPL in the coming years.
>Pogba\n\nis completely wasted as a 6, also for France. Pogba is the main reason Ole had the run that gave him the job. Pogba needs to be free to create and score.
Even could have pulled back to assist lingard when he took a shit after flicking the ball around one of their defenders. Understand him shooting though, he deserved a goal tonight \n\n*shot
Was that the one when he shot with the left foot?
[deleted]
Because everyone is busy writing him off due to that exact reason.
Rashford's misses, it still is positive that he's getting into those positions and improving over time, as he's only 22
Only negative has to be the finishing. Our goal difference is very poor and this was a chance to really hammer some in but we wasted so many great chances. Might come back to bite us in tougher games.
The potential injury to Mctominay is one, sadly
I'd argue nr 2 and 5
His brilliant ground through ball led to our third goal soon after Brighton scored their first
> ground through balls\n\nhe made like 2-3 to martial that were a little too overhit. If he fixes that, martial would have a few goals
Yup. He definately improved on those in this game, but there is still room for improvement and hoepfully he can achieve it.
2 wins in the league, Norwich and Brighton. 1 draw against Liverpool. 1 loss against a waterlogged pitch. 1 win against Chelsea at the bridge in the cup. 2 wins in Europe.
Yeah, that Bournemouth loss was just a perfect storm of shitty conditions that led to a loss and stopped the team getting their stride. It was a shitty loss but if the conditions were better we would have one that easily
~~You didn't include today's win in that form guide so neither did I.~~\n\noh wait, I just realised you did the most recent from the left. \n\nI'm used to reading them the other way. Should've realised when I saw the draw, I thought you didn't put today's game in there and started from the last. Which wouldn't makes sense, silly me.\n\nIn any case, the loss against Bournemouth was inexcusable. We squandered chances, fell asleep in the second half and we didn't play our game. Rashford and Martial didn't link up at all, were too far apart all game. Failed to take advantage of James' pace, he had the beating of their LB, but they fed him in once and only attempted one other time.
His first goal is going to come from a set piece, I'm calling it now. His long balls are class and they're screaming to go in
I think he's already scored a free kick? Seem to remember it but might have dreamt it haha
he has a rocket of a shot in him
Bottled the counter entirely doing step overs with two players wide of him waiting for a pass luckily the ball fell to martial and ended up as a goal via deflection.
Needed to swap CAMs to bring more pressing
I'm not surprised to Valencia if I'm honest, he was a wicked winger in his day.
Valencia had a hell of a season in 2012 I believe. Before they gave him the number 7. He was assisting Rooney goals week in and week out. Also, wasn't hesitant at all. Knew exactly what to do with ball. People forget he was brought in to replace Ronaldo and showed a lot of promise. Then they gave him the 7 and a couple years later moved him to RB.
Yeah all I remember is him hitting defenders with every cross as RB
I love that their chemistry is improving game by game.
Yep!
oh I didn't see this but yeah, i just thought it was interesting how quietly and fast it has happened!
Man I wish I could tell you, who knows? Games like today were certainly a positive step and I hope we can continue like this\n\nMaybe less Ashley Young...idk
He was literally our best player vs Bournemouth too though. It looked like he was the only one trying, he was very clean in stopping attacks and he created the best chance of the game.
Look at the 1st match thread for this season. You\u2019ll understand what i mean.
Oh yes so do I, fuck those guys honestly, I'm seriously considering reporting some of these users to the mods because i seriously doubt they are true fans. \n\nOne fuck actually replied this to me just earlier today with \"BTW I'm Ole out and am here every day, no need to worry about me disappearing!\" motherfucker isn't even hiding it and guess what? He hasn't commented AT ALL in the past 5 hours. So you can be bothered to spam Ole out everyday but can't be bothered to be on the sub during the match? Give me a fucking break, we need a purge of all these cunts from this sub, let them go farm their karma at r/soccer shitting on united.
Imagine reporting people to the mods because they have a different opinion than you. They aren't Ole out because they are not fans. They're Ole out because they give a shit what happens to the team
Fully agree. Ideally we'll continue with Pogba in front of the other two, and if McFred continues to show some defensive fragility, we'll just need to add a decent ball winning midfielder in the summer and we have a competent midfield without having to switch half of the team around.\n\nPlaying Pogba in the holding role hurts us defensively just from all the attacking threat we lose from not using Pogba further up.
Pogba is not a defensive player, and even though that\u2019s part of his \u201crole\u201d in the France team, he doesn\u2019t have to worry about it due to how damn good they are. His job with the NT is to create and boss the midfield, which he cannot do on United with the current squad we have.
We've improved as we've gone on and not conceding one goal isn't to be sniffed at. \n\nBesides, group stages are always tricky. Real Madrid practically made it par the course in their string of CL titles. Always had an iffy group stage.
If anything they have been probably the second ost solid team after the scousers. I think Chelsea will implode sooner or later, Lampard has done a good job but it kind of reminds me of Ole's interim period in which at one point we seemed invincible.
Chelsea has a top quality squad though. They have some multiple league winners in there.\n\nLeicester would struggle come a couple injuries. Or they get sussed out, i don't know if they've got a plan b in that squad.
Tony really came on in the second. Not really his fault about the first though. Barely had any touches. His link up play with Rashford is great. Sometimes I think Rash is a little selfish though. I think he could have had 2 assist today easy if he looked to pass instead of shoot everytime he is in the box.
It's true, they may leave gaps when they attack, but they're very solid and organised defensively and with 3 centre-backs they should still have enough numbers back. Second best defence in the league behind Leicester, they'll be tough.
Matching their 3atb could be a good way to counter them. With martial and Rashford running at the two flanking defenders and Pereira hassling their central defender, James and fred would have a great chance of running in behind the defence and scoring.
They'll be without Hendo, won't they? So that'll work in our favour as they'll have to use their second choice
They're going to come at us on the counter but they don't play for possession and they don't play with an absurdly high line like Brighton did yesterday. They'll be very organised at the back, I think we can win but it won't be easy and I don't think we'll keep a clean sheet.
But on the flip side, City can afford to accommodate weak CBs because they maintain possession most of the game. If you look at the goals that we\u2019re scored, they were school boy errors
Definitely schoolboy errors, but not helped by the lack of a good defence
He had otamendi and Cancelo on the bench though and he only made one substitution all game.
walker and stones were bad today. Angelino surprisingly was quite good esp in attack.
I think we did today, and against Astana to be fair. He's been slowly building his confidence up and his more riskier passes are paying off more. He's sorting out his control and sloppiness of the ball too.\n\nCan't wait until Pogba is back, I hope we go for a midfield 3 with Mctominay, Fred and Pogba with a staggered front 3 Rashford, Martial and James. All three are capable of feeding the front three in different ways and the defensive work ethic of the other two will free Pogba up for sure.
Nobody hates Mata as a person, most have said they hate our play when he plays.
There is also the really top level teams that can make chances out of nothing, when the play is going against them because they have magical players like Messi for instance.
Messi is more of an aberration than anything g
I say we need a quality no.10  in the summer...someone like Maddison...because our options there are Lingard,Mata and Pereira..and neither of them are good enough. And I think Pogba will be best utilized from a bit deeper...having that freedom to explore forward..linking the midfield and forward line. Of course this season it's better to use him as a 10...coz we lack quality options there.\n\nA lot of people here are of the opinion that we need another quality striker...but I think we need a CAM and a RW more..we need more creativity. A striker without any service would not help us break down low block teams. If we can get a quality no.10 and RW (that's a minimum Iam talking about..we arguably need more) we will see a huge improvement in the consistency of this team..as well as good attacking play.
I mean Fred played well, but Pereira was his usual shit.
Actually same for me, I was just so fucking fucked I couldn\u2019t stay awake without squirting out of one end or the other.
Relatable
No, that\u2019s just gambler\u2019s fallacy
Not quite, because in gambling the house always wins.
Good on you to be open
>why are we at 15 points after 12 games?\n\nInjury crisis :)\n\n> Lampard and Rodgers at the helm have less time at the helm and their teams are second and third\n\nI cannot wait for lampard honeymoon period to be over too. It's coming soon and if we're comparing ole's first 23 were much better.\n\n>How about putting results against different level of opponents, who are set up themselves differently tactically, for 8-10 games at least? \n\nExcluding Bournemouth we've won every match after martial was fit. And it's shown how much he matters to the teams performance, how about taking that into context?\n\n>Maybe I should do a hot like like yours next time when we lose, sounds like a plan.\n\nI don't doubt you will
>You're telling us that if Poch or Rangnick said they would like to take on the United project, that you would say \"no\" to it?\n\nYou're telling me that you're so triggered by this light hearted jab you have to deflect the question into something else?\n\n>Your comment is more reactionary than the ones you're trying to call out.\n\nOh yea the people who want to not sack the manger after a few bad results are reactionary because the results picked up? Get a grip.
> You're telling me that you're so triggered by this light hearted jab you have to deflect the question into something else?\n\nOh god, this o'l chestnut.\n\n> Oh yea the people who want to not sack the manger after a few bad results are reactionary because the results picked up? Get a grip.\n\nEverything is on the table, man. We have to be honest and willing to examine everything. Blame will fall where it deserves to fall. At the end of the day, we have to ask ourselves why we are not reaching our set goals? We can try and experiment with anything, but ultimately if we never quite reach what we set out for, then we're going to have to make some tough decisions. \n\nPlus we cannot keep being the only Top Club to be so mediocre and out of the conversations of teams competing for everything. We'll see where United end up at the end of the season and evaluate everyone involved. There's no room for rose tinted glasses. We are getting passed up while Liverpool get back on their perch and our noisy neighbors keep the City blue.
Yep, definitely a player you want ahead of the ball with his skill set - he has to be willing to be disciplined with his position, which is a massive weakness for him. Always tends to gravitate towards the left of midfield.
Honestly, as long as it gets goals and creativity, I'm fine with that
Jesus, I was way off. Thank you
It can be difficult to make out exactly what they're saying for sure, no worries mate
It\u2019s actually the small toe. It\u2019s also known as a Jones fracture\n\nAnyway, the reason the fifth metatarsal is a bigger deal is because of the limited blood flow to that area. The blood flow to your feet, and especially your toes, is lower than other joints/extremities (think of the people who always have ice cold feet lol). \n\nA fracture at that site takes FOREVER (if treated both operatively and non-operatively) to heal due to the lower blood flow. You have to be non-weightbearing for a pretty extended amount of time. \n\nNot sure if you remember, but Manuel Neur had to miss the World Cup and a part of his club season due to a foot injury. Wouldn\u2019t surprise me if it had been a fifth metatarsal or lisfranc injury (another nasty foot injury). \n\nI\u2019m really hoping Scott doesn\u2019t have this injury because if so it\u2019ll be a long while before we see him back.  Hope this explained it haha. Sorry for the long post.\n\nEdit: also if treated non-op there\u2019s a risk it heals incorrectly or not at all, which then warrants an operation, which means an even longer time out \u2639\ufe0f
>Sorry for the long post.\n\nNot at all. Thanks for the reply, you learn something everyday!
Got caught in literally the last second of the game, came out limping heavily.
Aarh that sucks :/
*30 years
What makes you say that? He's clearly enjoying his time there and doesn't seem to want to leave.
Read somewhere he plans to step down '21 or '22 for a sabatical. These guys are not like Fergie who could go for years and years without rest. these guys don't know how to moderate their intensity and then just pass out with a burnout.
Also even if he leaves he has setup a really good team. They can get a good manager to carry forward. Gerrard is getting ready as well.
[deleted]
He used to be. I love him to bits but he is just not what he used to be. He has 11 assists since the start of the 17/18 season in all competitions. 5049 minutes. That's an assists for every 459 minutes played. 1 assist for every 5 full games. Sure some of it can be attributed to bad finishing but you can't call it 'great'.\n\nEdit: Those numbers are from transfermarkt and they are very generous with what counts as an assist. Whoscored says 8 assists in 4502 mins since the start of 17/18 which is even worse. 1 assist every 6.25 games.
for 45 min, when not pressed...
He used to be, not anymore
What an outlet he is! The moment we get the ball in defence, we just need to look for james making a run and we seem to be creating something
And he's so young too, he'll get much better in so many areas. Hopefully he'll be our next Giggs or Beckham down the wing.
Young is likely retiring after this season and Rojo might be a backup CB. I haven\u2019t really felt this excited watching a LB than Shaw in 2015
Spurs\u2019 form flows from poch\u2019s disappointment from transfer market and they haven\u2019t seemed to have recovered from that. Arsenal on the other hand spent a fortune on the attack getting 3 insanely good goal scorers in pepe auba and laca only to play absolutely defensive and only player (ozil) who has the quality to feed the front 3  put on the sidelines. I think we can take arsenal for granted as long as emery is there but spurs will recover and we have to be prepared for that challenge.
Haller is all hype.
Think it's more West Ham being a bit shit tbh. His biggest strength is fighting for the ball and getting his team involved which is fantastic when you've got Ante Rebic and Luka Jovic and not so much when it's Mark Noble and Snodgrass.
i felt this way too. him and jovic were great. big, can hold up the ball quite well, good finisher (could improve). would've got him for relatively cheap in today's market.
Hopefully, we will appeal and the goal would be rightly given to Scott. No way it was an OG. \n\nAnd in any case, even if it isn't I'm still going to consider it Scotty's goal, since he basically created it.
With you 100% he created it but if you watch it slowed down (1:07) you can see the Brighton player get a foot on it just before it crosses the line \n\n\n\nhttps://streamable.com/9yxav
Honestly doesn\u2019t sound like a remotely useful player if he can only be played when we are 2 goals ahead
because he really isn't really a useful player\n\nhope we get rid of him soon, wish him the best but he obviously is not good enough to be playing for us
happened twice. he just need a square ball. could've at least had one goal if not two easy 5 yard goals.
Bang on martial and pogba 2 of our best players and Shaw is starting left back no wonder we've struggled. Yes we need more depth but that's not the managers fault. With a full team we can be top 4/5 without we can't.
But if you're one of the many in here that relish when we lose and can't wait to come in here to spew nothing but reactionary negativity, be consistent with your lack of support and fuck off when we win.
I\u2019m very consistent - I am displeased if we play badly and/or look like we have no offensive plan, and am pleased when we play well and have an offensive plan. \n\nThe team is inconsistent. My view on what makes a good performance stays exactly the same. Being positive about every performance is dumb, as is being negative about every performance.\n\nMy view that this season has, overall, been a negative experience is shared by most fans, I suspect. We have looked poor in at least 75% of games. Playing well in a couple of games doesn\u2019t erase the mess that has been the last two months.\n\nNot sure how you think that you have the consistent outlook here, lol.
This is the same style we've been trying to implement since the start of the season. Look at the similarities to this performance and Chelsea. If you don't see that it's your problem not the manager.
