Chance missed
As always.\n\nWe claim points where people are resigned to dropping them, and fail to push on after that.\n\nRinse and repeat.
Something that has been happening at the club for a long time as well. Shows the weak mentality in all areas of the club
Once Mata came on we didn\u2019t really have possession to pass the ball to anyone
Mata himself passed the ball behind Rashford when we were in the box and had a decent chance lol
I got downvoted calling for Andreas to come on. His energy could\u2019ve been useful.
That was a sick pass by Fred to AWB though. A little composure and we could\u2019ve created something out of it. Shame he just aimlessly kicked it.
No, its because the team for some reason wanted to pass Rashford and inshallah instead of playing like a team and using all of our assets
You know, I thought Maguire was supposed to be this heading monster but not once has he gotten any good contact with a floated ball.
The most irritating part is that he does not even attack our set pieces, instead grappling with the CB who is marking him.\n\nMeanwhile it seems Smalling is scoring for fun in Serie A.
[removed]
> You have to be extremely thick\n\nNo need for that.  Attack the _argument_, not the _person_.
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah definitely all that stuff you said, except for the fact he has literally said we need to get better at defending corners
He has also literally said we need to stop dropping points to mid table sides and here we are.\n\nPlatitudes are meaningless without action, and our set piece strategy shows no signs of change.
We've scored 2 set piece goals vs Villa 3 weeks ago.
We conceded a shitty set piece goal the same game, and dropped 2 points against a promoted side at home.\n\nNot a great example to bring up.
Reminding Woodward and co. we still need those signings they have been so meticulously planning
Out squad is alot better than all these teams we keep dropping points to..\n\nEverton were missing some of their best players too.
Wow, yeah lol
And we basically waste ours, whenever we win a corner I know we are not gonna score, we basically hand it back to the opponent
Just wait till next week.
2 steps forward 2 steps back?
And they play Chelsea, and one of them will drop points.
I hate having low expectations, but I made a post going into this season that I fully expect 6th place with some disappointing results. I do hope Ole stays through next season though as I think not being able to beat the low block comes down to a player issue right now and not having much technicality in the team.
season wise, we have definitely taken a step back...\n\nmou got 26 points in 17 games before getting the sack last season. \n\nThis season we got 25 in 17.
The fact that we are 4-5 players short of becoming a formidable team is pretty obvious. Creative midfielders, another striker, more options off the bench. Relax for once and stop being so negative. As far as I'm concerned we conceded a rubbish goal. Other than that Everton didn't create Jack shit. Pogba was a big big BIG miss in this game.
Pogba was needed so much in this game. Almost every game that isnt top 6 in all honesty. As a side note, I love Daniel James, but sometimes I dont think he is that effective against the low block. He can beat people on the dribble but he needs space to do it. Doesnt quite have the technicality to disorganize a low block.
We were always going to struggle this season, most fans knew that going into it. I dont think people were expecting a correlation of playing worse against bad teams, but I think we have progressed as a club. This team is very, very young which means very, very inconsistent. Expect more consistency with our front line in 20-21, Fred and Scott, and if we can bring in 3 good signings, we will be a top 4 squad.
Him and Martial have been practicing that shot it seems
Martial or James
Which one. I'm not saying Greenwood doesn't deserves to start, I just wanted to know which one do others think he should replace.
Martial, let Greenwood play down the middle where he's most comfortable.
Would something terrible happen if we play him as cam instead of Lingard?
I'd put him instead of Martial personally. The best thing about Greenwood, apart from his finishing, is his movement as a striker. That would be wasted as a 10 imo. Would rather have Rashford as a 10, DJ on the left and Greenwood on the right if Martial plays up front.
Christ
Jesus
How would it improve if we cant pass? Who's going to create these chances for Haaland who's a poacher? A number 10 should be first on the list before we even think about a striker
It's a whole lot easier to finish top 4 of you're there in the first place
No its not. Anything can derail a top 4 team. Maintaining top of  4 requires wins. An injury crises like United had hitting a team in top 4 surely derails that plan
Better to be on the safe side and get as many points as possible before injuries and complacency set in. We were saying the exact same thing last season that it was unreasonable to get top 4 when Ole just got hired and started wining but when the chance came we blew it. We should not repeat the same mistakes every year.
For the time being I'll take that, considering he contributes so much to our defence. We'd be lost without him.
This dude is an A+ in defence and a rotten D in attack. And the funniest thing is I read that he was a winger in his younger days.\n\nHis defending is absolutely world class though.
His crosses toward the end were pitiful
that won't do a lot without an actual striker. Martial is clueless on the center lol, he has 0 movement. He wants the ball at his feet and to beat his man, that's just not possible.\n\nI really don't understand why he wants so much to play centrally when his entire skillset is based on playing on the wing
Don't know why you getting downvoted. He's our main forward and he plays like 38 years old
Our best contender was AWB, I think holgate could have been a shout. No one really stood out though. I guess Mina did well too and his positioning was pretty spot on.
Yup, Mina and Holgate were the exact same players that came my mind when I thought who was their standout players.
Think Davies was good for them all game, AWB was our best player.
Shaw had a good game, so did James and Greenwood.
Greenwood didn't played the entire game and Shaw didn't really had that good of a performance. James could have been one. But the perspective that United didn't got the Win which we were expected to get, makes it look like that someone Everton really had a blast of game.
Shaw? He was fairly average today.
Shaw was poor
It's actually gotten a bit better the last few weeks, they really messed up again today.
I've said this from the start, I'm sure the reason they keep fucking it up is because they would rather scrap it.
This is something I\u2019ve always said. A fully working VAR removes the discussion and debate of football from the pubs, newspapers, and forums which the FA obviously don\u2019t want. But the fans wanted VAR because of the bad/wrong decisions costing  games.\n\nThere\u2019s no way it can be this shambolic, and not on purpose. Rugby, cricket, tennis and loads of other sports all have it with no issues. So why is the biggest funded sport in the world (I\u2019m assuming) getting it so wrong??
Thank you!
thank God we're building a culture though
Progress.
yay
What about their best player, Gomes?. I guess he doesn't count. Plus Digne went off early in the game.
Homes didn't play much before he got injured. I agree on Digne though. Wan-Bissaka cant whip a decent cross. Such a shame.
I agree but the amount of comments on here about it being on Lindelof is insane.
Ever since that Palace game there's been alot of Lindelof hate. Sure his performances overall haven't been up to his standard last season, but the fact that people still want Axel to start over him now is baffling. Out of the few games he's played, he's looked okay ish in some and then gave away a goal vs arsenal and wasn't great on Thursday.
I think all these games against mid/lower table teams cement the fact that we need a striker. If martial gets frustrated early on in the game he gives up.
My god, yes. If there's anyone in desperate need of direct competition for his position (and a kick up the ass), it's him.
He's just too inconsistent.  The greatest ability is reliability, and unfortunately Martial is anything but. Between his injuries and his on the field product he's not that. He's someone that should not relied upon as a main striker.
Nah he played his ass off when he was competing with Rashy for that LW spot during Mou's second season. I think he'll do better if there's competition for his spot.
Did you see him against City, he played perfectly as a 9.
It's taken you this long to realise that? Been that way for years.
I have known it for a ling time, just hoped thyhe will put more in the game, not just arms waving and looking frustrated and slow.
He's just inconsistent lol, i don't think he intentionally chooses to play poorly.
If he could actually make some decent runs and have better movement off the ball, it would help
Hard to pass to him when he is always handled by a defender. He needs to move better.
Rashford was contesting far more at least in the air, martial was poor and it totally disrupted our front 4 today
Martial was hardly the issue. Rash and James were far more wasteful
Nan i meant as compared to calvet vs linderloff... Both did not do enough...
Embarrassing take
That\u2019s because City weren\u2019t up to it as much as Everton were today. We should be beating them but they\u2019re on a comeback bounce and clearly love Duncan Ferguson so they fought very hard today. Let\u2019s not forget they beat Chelsea last week too (who we\u2019re chasing) so it\u2019s obvious they\u2019re on an upward trajectory. I\u2019m disappointed we drew but it\u2019s not the end of the world.
It's hard to say who gets the MOTM in a performance like this. But it's expected to happen when we don't have a good creative CAM. The reason why I mentioned Greenwood as MOTM was because he is the only reason we had draw today otherwise we had definitely lost it.
You mean shooting at every opportunity outside of the box isn't creative?
Scott was particularly poor with this today.
Honestly, today was much better than some of the past performances. They didn't have a single proper chance all game, and we did manage to create some chances. There could have been several more chances if our crosses had been on point.
We created chances? It was just long range shots and one went in. I can't think of a single clear cut chance we created today. We were dreadful.
We cant cross to save our lives. It's a joke really
Unpopular opinion: we can\u2019t attack a cross rather than can\u2019t cross.
Our finishing is shite and has been for years. It's why Greenwood may be important. We haven't had a stone cold number 9 in a while.
Mou was pretty good at it his first two seasons though
Yep, unfortunately Lingard doesnt quite have that next level dribbling ability to help beat a low block and Mata is just too slow, lacks stamina,  and not strong enough to make any real impact.
I feel like Lingard offers something Pogba doesn't in his high press and energy but for these games where we've more possession, would much rather have Pogba. Lingard will stick around as a utility man
This begs the question, though, are players not following directions? Obviously losing possession because of poor technique has little to do with coaching, but if Martial and Lingard are consistently poor in movement and clueless in possession, shouldn\u2019t ole and the rest of the coaches be working on this? And if they are, then where\u2019s the disconnect? Bad instructions or players not following them?
We don't  know how to create good chances man,what are you on about.
Every manager for the past 5+ years have struggled in these types of games for us
Ngl, Ole has shown improvement in games like these too.
How? The set up was perfect. Martial and rashford really missed a lot of chances.
I disagree. Our chances were from individual brilliance, not from tactical nous. \n\nWhen Everton wanted to come into the game they could. We had no way of shutting them out and controlling the game, despite their handicap. If it weren\u2019t for AWB we\u2019d have been screwed.
What chances? I can think of one that Rashford missed at the start, don't recall Martial getting a single chance.
Our xG was fewer than 1.5; we didn't create enough yet again.
All teams attack after going behind.
We didn't use to.
Would need Ed to get 11 players and 2 more managers for that. Need manager depth to rest Ole against the shit teams.
Get a 3rd and 4th for the cup games \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
In this case a pretty clear foul imo
Lol facts. wonder why you're getting down voted for this
They can't handle the facts, lets just lie to ourselves and be positive no matter what
I have no idea why he did that. The only reason I can think of is that he wanted to waste time by subbing players, but did not want to change his shape or something. But a dumb decision regardless.
The big guy that came on bullied us.
Maguire was solid though. Didn't put a foot wrong all game, decent in possession. Goal was nothing to do with him and he didn't even give away any fouls.
Ye but I have higher expectations from him so I judge him a bit harsher. He still doesnt seem fully settled
Shaw was decent imo.
Don't know why so many have disagreed with you. He really isn't that great of a defender. He's weak in the air which means he's a liability defending crosses and corners and he cannot contribute much when we get corners.\n\nHis passing is pretty average as well.\n\nHe had a good end to last season if I recall which is the only good run of form he has had with us so far.
50 million
Lmao. 20 - 30 max.
I doubt it. Which club would pay that honestly?
I think considering that the last couple games were positive - Having a bad result and suddenly everyone is up in arms again. I certainly think people need to adjust their expectations - United are going to keep slipping up. Just hopefully less and less as the season goes on. I do believe something is getting built here.\n\nHowever this is how football works - Everyone is over the moon when there's a win, and distraught when there's a loss. Gotta take the downs with the ups or neither are worth it.
I agree 100%, the negativity has been warranted occasionally from piss poor results (like west ham L) but we have definitely improved since beating Chelsea in the Carabao and it\u2019s noticeable that the club/players/Ole are more confident. Like you said we just got 6/6 points from 2 QUALITY sides. Average start to the season but hey not all seasons are about winning - this ones about growing
Filthy casuals, lol. People with short memories and even shorter attention spans.
Not for me. I feel like the future is as bright as it's been post-Fergie. \n\nNot saying Ole is the right man or the wrong man, but we have the most solid back 4 as we've had since Rio and Vidic. Fred is finding form, Greenwood is sensational.\n\nWe definitely need reinforcements especially in midfield, but for me, saying we're moving backwards is a bit melodramatic.
Jesus Christ that is selective bollocks. \n 150m on 3 players which all start.\n\nAmong other duds Mou made the worst signing in EPL history.\n\nFeel free to buggar off and support Tottenham
You've just made the case for having more points. 150m on three starters vs the worst signing in PL history = fewer points, similar clean sheets and fewer goals. \nI think it's a decent debate when you consider the opposition around United have got worse.
Those people are idiots.
Martial can't complain if we sign Haaland in January and he has to fight for his place again. So lackadaisical, he has far too many games like this where he's just coasting through for my liking.
He should be rotated with Rashford on the left. That\u2019s where he\u2019s at his best.
this is what's so great about Rashford, when he's off he's still a nuisance to the defenders while with Martial it's like playing with 10 men
Very true
If there\u2019s no one making runs and there\u2019s a lack of movement, what more can your wide forward do but go for Hail Mary shots? He wasn\u2019t great today but he wasn\u2019t terrible either.
Fair, I think having martial next to him maybe made rashford look worse but god I can understand why Ole wants halaand so much now, Martial hasn\u2019t showed up like I thought he would this season
You know, I think you might be right about martial impacting Rashford. Early on, most of us bought into the idea that the two would interchange and that the fluidity would be an asset, but we\u2019ve stopped doing that, and Martial\u2019s lack of movement up front often restricts Rashford\u2019s options, leaving him to do too much all on his own
If you have seen him playing this season you wouldn't be saying that.
He's a great player, but to say he deserves the shortlist on the back of a performance against Arsenal beggars belief!
Fair point, but just don\u2019t think we can rely on martial to stay fit. Wonder where mason will eventually end up playing, he\u2019s done amazing on the right side and even did pretty well against spurs when starting up front. Looked fairly comfortable playing with his back to goal and was involved in some decent linkup/ hold up play. \n\nWas just rewatching his youth highlights, he can finish from the left, middle, and right so think it\u2019s really up to where ole wants him. I\u2019m so excited to see how he ends up, can probably still grow some more as well like rashford did. Think rashy was like 5\u20199-\u201810 when he scored his first goal for us
He looks fairly comfortable on the ball. I like that. Though I think we should still get an experienced striker. I would not be too disappointed if we didn't get Haaland as long as someone comes in.
I don't see him doing anything useful the majority of the time. His mistakes are also really visible.
I like him but he just inst not good enough
Was very visible against city in the first half working between the lines.
The only reason he is starting is because our options are him/Mata/Andreas.
Well Mata is slow but has the experience but he is still a good player. Andreas I am not a fan of at all. All I\u2019m saying he just needs to find his way again.
It does matter because unless we secure CL football, without pogba, who would come to us?
Holy shit someone get Ole on the phone, we\u2019ve solved it
What does that even mean. He is good enough, start him.
I think the team requires better footballers before that will happen, honestly. But I understand if you don't agree. I think it's about how you view the job of football coach.
Daniel James was always going to have limitations especially in the first season. He was never supposed to be this important to us, so I'll give him a pass. Shaw was decent but he still doesn't make those forward passes or runs after his injury. Pretty solid defensively. Both our fullbacks actually. Attacking fullbacks and a 10 are key to breaking down a team who gives us possession. We lack both.
Damn, i thought i edited it before people could see. I meant martial. Rashford is one of the most hardworking players in the team
He said Rashford\u2019s decision making
He wrote Martial bro
Oh lol, my bad! Then yeah, I agree with pretty much everything
United didn't look that bad against City nor Liverpool under Jose at the end there.\nLooked like what they were...a team without Pogba and shit strikers.
I'd keep fred tbh. His passing and defensive workrate is good. We just need to pair him with pogba and a decent DM.
He has his uses, just don't think he will ever be great.
fred was great today man. if he can play similar to this every game he is good enough to start.
Honestly can't remember the last time we scored from a corner.
Think McTominay vs Wolves was technically from a corner, but the last headed one I remember was Phil Jones in pre-season against Leeds.
At this point, I would just take not conceding from them. Really miss Smalling in corners.
Lindelof today
Ole indeed takes some of the blame but I'm sick of players getting away with it. The tactical side absolutely, but if some of these players really need to be motivated for games then I don't know what to say. We could've close the gap to top 4, they shouldn't need much motivation.
It\u2019s why Fergie was so immense, he got the absolute maximum out of his teams more often than not.  Ole doesn\u2019t have that charisma/presence it seems, on top of his tactical deficiencies.  \n\nAlthough if anyone can motivate guys like Martial I don\u2019t know.  The guy plays like he hates football it\u2019s just the thing he\u2019s best at.
Why? I'm not saying ole is the same level as klopp, I'm not even saying he's going to take us all the way but that's an example of a club that gave someone time when they needed it.
I have no idea why people compare Ole to klopp like he didn't win the Bundesliga twice against a great bayern and went to a champions league final. There is NO comparison between them to be made
I am 91.88563% sure that Thevanillafalcon is not a bot.\n\n---\n\n^(I am a neural network being trained to detect spammers | Summon me with !isbot <username> |) ^(/r/spambotdetector |) [^(Optout)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=whynotcollegeboard&subject=!optout&message=!optout) ^(|) [^(Original Github)](https://github.com/SM-Wistful/BotDetection-Algorithm)
What about this makes you think I'm a bot you lemon
Your post just looks like a patchwork of all the same old pro Ole points and buzzwords lol, something a bot could put together.
We have a clear counterattacking style of play but struggle to break down teams who sit behind the ball because we lack creativity, an issue we can resolve in the transfer market. Just because some aspects of it aren't working doesn't mean we don't have a style of play. I've also explained the klopp comparison, not comparing them as managers but as situations, if you know of a top 6 club that needed time to rebuild and gave their manager time to do so  to make a different comparison with then use that one.
Counter attacking style does not work as a primary tactic when you are man utd. This is Oles second season. Klopp reached two finals and finished 8th in his first season and finished 4th in his second season.
Not saying he does mate but for where we are in the table at the moment it's not exactly unexpected with the squad we have. If the results were worse then he should get sacked but it's not exactly apocalyptic at the moment so we should see where it goes, especially with the back room changes he seems to be making. At the very least he'll lay the foundation for someone else but that foundation needs to be made
Again I'm not comparing the two of them directly. I'd counter that with everyones rep comes from somewhere, poch for example wasn't tearing the league up at espanyol
Well Poch is a good manager but is not a winner for now. But he can a least build a good team. I don't really know if we would win if we got Poch but I trust him more than Ole. \n\nBut Ole is our manager. We have to stick with him to the bitter end because he is not the one ruining our club.
>We didn\u2019t have any chances. \n\nOh dear.  I think you watched the wrong game
Maybe,  but can you give some examples.  I remember James\u2019 effort from the right.  Which was difficult. Otherwise,  there wasn\u2019t much from what I can remember.
Rashford James and Lingard all put chances wide that could have been goals were they more composed in directing their efforts.\nThey were tricky angles granted but they\u2019re the kind of finishes you see top class forwards netting.
Lingard\u2019s chance was a difficult one.  Hard to get that on goal most times regardless of who you are.
> How many times do you see Lindelof and Maguire just pass it between themselves aimlessly with no passing options?\n\n\nThere was one point early in the match Lindelof had the ball for like 10 seconds waiting for someone to make a run in the midfield and he ends up passing to Maguire as he\u2019s waving his arms at the midfielders to do something. Comical, but very sad at the same time.
They basically had to find the attackers themselves in the first half with their long balls.
We usually have lots of the ball in games like this. Making something out of those huge spells of possession is the real issue. If we get a good DM paired with Fred to give him a bit of freedom to go forward and take more risks and also get a good AM. That would be more ideal.\nOr we could just go 433.
At the moment we don't really have any player who can play those kind of dangerous passes. Which is why runs are barely made I think
>Also, i think a striker that could play with his back against the net would also do wonders. Marcus or Martial are just not that. Also martial lacks the off the ball movement, he is very static, which is why I also don;t think a creative 10 solves all of your problems. He also needs to have who to pass to :)\n\n\nTrue. Zlatan was great at that. Made it so easy for pogba to find him every time. Lol obviously he was old so his finishing wasn't as good.he still managed to bag about 28 goals regardless
Greenwood came on for Lingard didn\u2019t he?
Agreed he's been awful for them so far. I think there might be some weight behind Souness comments earlier in the season, it looks like Everton have been taken to the cleaners.
Martial, if anyone.
I\u2019m not sure Greenwood (young, still developing) is ready to replace a season professional who is also a very good finisher when given the chance to get on the ball
Maybe move to a 4-4-2? \n\nJames - Rashford - Martial - Greenwood\nOR\nRashford - Martial - Greenwood - James \n\nEither way replace Lingard.
Not a lot of balance playing with 4 out and out attackers. Lingard might not be the perfect player for a 10, but his pressing and defensive work rate makes him 1/2 midfield and 1/2 attacker which I think significantly helps out our midfield two. Where as if he comes off the field then I think they get super isolated and the game becomes pass out wide to a winger and hope they can dribble, cut in, and find a way to shoot
While I understand that, he makes a difference every time he comes on. In my opinion he\u2019s one of the best 11 we can put out there
Mason isn't a 10 though? Unless you want to change formations.
He literally replaced Lingard.
Fair play to ya mate :) \nWe go again!
Even with Lingard\u2019s shocker of a performance. This game would have ended 1-0 to us, all else equal. Sure we should have buried this game in the first half, but the only reason we lost was due to that one error at the back.
F*cking VAR
I don't expect us to win all 3, not even close.\n\nWe will best Arsenal though.
[deleted]
Won some free kicks hahaha\n\nI agree Lingard was bad, so was Martial. Just hate the way this sub just goes in on specific players
Because the other option is perreria who is even worse
Greenwood is there
Yes. We don\u2019t have the personnel to win these types of games. If we can keep a leash on top 4 until jan and then get a good am I\u2019m confident we will end the season in top 4
your a funny one aren't ya
I meant directly from the corner where the kicker beats the opposition defenders then our player heads the ball in. I remember Fred whipping the ball in for Lindelof but not directly from the corner kick itself.
Maybe support another club then
[removed]
Thqt would leave zero creativity
Our AMs offer nothing either.
Cause Lingard gives us so much creativity
I\u2019d like to see Rashford, Martial, Greenwood. Bring James on final 20 min once gunman Mason has us a few-nil up.
Both are inconsistent currently so it's a tough choice
But what is your choice?
Yeah bruv honestly it\u2019s pissing off. The support was class tho
No, that would be vroom vroom James relegated to the bench and coming on against tired legs
Which players have the largest cult followings at united? McTominay and James make Martial FC look like amateurs in comparison.
no, but Mason already has more goals than Martial, granted most were in the Europa and Martial has gone thru a lengthy injury. But Martial only had 1 touch inside the box today, and it wasn't a goal. That output is not acceptable, if he's our number 9, he must do more than that.
Because he's having to do the job of our CAM and our ST. Rewatch the game, Martial having to drop deep and progress the ball though the channels because Lingard was inept. Not saying he's a class striker but without chances for him to convert
Why not? Vardy basically is. Is this an unrealistic expectation of a striker at the biggest club in the world?
We were well in control of the midfield and have enough quality in most of the positions to not lose to such teams except a creative player who would be pivotal in picking up wins in such games. We need a creative player. That's the issue been stressed on by many fans and rightly so.
A front two of Haaland and Greenwood/Martial would be amazing. Haaland with the strength and skill to lay it off to Martial or Greenwood and then Greenwood/Martial with their finishing tucking chances away every game.
Martial? Honestly?
Yeah, I know how you feel mate. I go through peaks of winning then not getting shit for ages. I won my last 2 bets, about 300 quid profit. I'm careful with how much I spend/gain/lose. At the end of the day the house always wins!
6 shots, 3 on target.
Nice, not a bad christmas present
Excellent distribution too
That's something we'll address over the summer.. we definitely won't sell him this transfer market
Taking a shot is playing basketball? Where was pogba running and cuting on that bad ankle ? You can have a torn acl and take a shot. Can we stop pushing nonsensical narratives.
I find it highly unlike he took one shot while playing basketball with friends lol
Shooting a hoop and playing football for 90 mins isn\u2019t the same tho
Yes but Woodward will waste time faffing about trying to get him for 16 million and then be complaining again that transfers are difficult.
Atletico might sell Saul. That would likely be a summer transfer if at all.\n\nIf Pogba decides to leave I hope we have his replacement beforehand so we don\u2019t get ripped off because of the transfer money coming in
Honestly I don't watch enough outside the Premier League to have a good answer as to who would be a good signing. But I don't think a signing would necessarily have to be a world class player. I'd be happy with Eriksen.
I really rate Eriksen, if he hadn't dropped off since his transfer rumours I think we'd be calling him world class. I'd be over the moon getting him in January but I also really think we need a striker that can offer something different, is Haaland. \n\nWhere would you slot Eriksen in? Say we keep Pogba... What do we do? McTominay, Eriksen, Pogba? Eriksen for Lingard, Pogba for Fred?
Simple as that. The work could have been even easier now considering the teams we have had to face to take advantage of top 4. Sheffield United, Aston Villa and now Everton. Not good enough.
Yeah our forwards limitations are exposed when a team is compact, I like James and I know he got the assist but in games like this he is much less effective than against the big teams because we don\u2019t counter as much because we have most of the possession, he\u2019d be much better being a sub in games like this-running at tired legs but we don\u2019t have anyone else to play rw.
I would agree about January for sure. I suppose maybe the way i see this team at the moment is that we only have 7/10ths of where our squad should be and considering that, we are performing well. When i say \u201cshowing good promise\u201d i mean the way we play looks good but we just need a bit more quality to finish better
Negative really?  We lost points because we can\u2019t deal with the low block that not negative that is our reality that must be address. You don\u2019t have to agree with me but never negative, bruh. \n\nBeing a delusional fan not recognizing years of a  no strategic direction by the Manchester United board has cost us our position on the world stage. Stop thinking like Ed Woodward (being wealthy mean nothing), what matters is players, our heart desire and quality on the pitch-team performance is only as good as your ability to accept constructive criticism and realizing where the gaps are located and recognizing the need of continuous improvement through lessons learned. \n\nUnited always in my heart.
If being wealthy means nothing, why are our players on enormous wages?
Subbed kean on and 18mins later subbed him off as a tactic to run down time. Then gives him no handshake when he comes off and kean goes straight to the changing room.\nKean is a 19 year old struggling with confidence in a foreign country away from his family where he can't speak in the language. He was humiliated in front of 70k people.
That's disgusting. I remember him being racially abused in Italy. Now here he got humiliated by his own manager. Duncan out!
Nope, he said in the post match that he did so to waste time which is total BS.
Ferguson said in his post game interview he wasnt injured. \nHe said it was a time wasting tactic. Doesn't explain no handshake when kean came off and kean going straight to the dressing rom.
4 points off 4th with our best player out all season? Can we not overexagerate our position, with the lack of midfield options we had going into the season, it's not as bad as everyone is making.
That is why i specificied 'at this rate'. And by that i mean inability to break down non top 6 teams and being an injury or two away having to call upon kids. The starting 11 is more than good enough for a top 4 finish. I'm Ole In all the way but how is this an exaggeration? You yourself mentioned the lack of midfield options. City and Liverpool will finish in top 4 for sure. Leicester has a better squad than us and way too many points too. Chelsea is crumbling but they're likely to throw money at players especially after the ban. So we'll need to strengthen as well.
What I meant was that we are also in the Europa, League and FA cup; however the priority should be the top 4. I wasn't suggesting we top the table! :D
Consistency in getting results is more important than 'dominating good teams'. Consistency implies we have a good foundation we are comfortable in. Taking a win off Chelsea, Spurs and City from a one goal margin is not any better than spanking them 3 or 4 nil. Correct me if I'm wrong but I believe this happened and isn't just a product of my imagination. \n\nThat is how Leicester came first, and how SAF did it near the end with a sub-par squad - scoring one or two, and **not** conceding.  There is a reason so many 'analysts' called it a 'proper United performance' after that City game; yes we didn't score 3 or 4, but applied a tactic that created chances, we got the lead and defended phenomenally. \n\nStill can't dominate good teams? Spurs, City, Chelsea (twice), PSG, draw against the Euro champions comes to mind; they may have dominated us - but we won the game, you decide whats more important. Still a counter attacking unit? Whats your point! Still can't keep a clean sheet? I agree, we need to not concede petty goals; its more important than scoring. \n\nYour argument doesn't provide any insight; if we apply what you say we lack, we would be a top team - and that's what we are trying to work towards.
You're missing the point. It was Ole who set a marker for what to expect... he spoke about playing on the front foot, having more possession, dictating play and scoring more goals.\nSo that's the genesis of my disagreement.\nAnd frankly, I was baffled by the description of that United game as a proper United performance - for obvious reasons. There is no way 28% of the ball can be described as a proper United performance.\nAs for providing you with insight, I apologise. I didn't know that was my remit.
The goal should have been disallowed but I get your point and it is actually true. We seriously need to improve our set pieces in attack and defense
We did. Stop being a muppet
We created nothing concrete
Apart from literally the first 20 seconds, which wasn't really a \"created\" chance, we were quite tepid as a team as usual.
Well here I am blaming it.\nFor real if that goal was disallowed the game would have been entirely different.
Wtf are you talking about? Did you watch the game? How ignorant. Everton played well and I\u2019m happy for Ferguson who is having a good run of games. You\u2019re right that it doesn\u2019t matter if they scored on a foul because they still scored, but you really should understand by now that we arent going to win every game. If you watched the game you would agree with me that we didn\u2019t deserve the win and be glad we rescued a point. Our performance was disappointing and I really felt we should have lost that one but Mason is an absolute gem for bringing us back into the game.
Doesn't change the fact it was a foul.
Of course it does. Not everything is going to go your way in a game, but you do your job just the same. It's like the old instruction, 'play to the whistle.' Just because a player is offside, doesn't mean it's going to be given.
Fuck, I would take 6th.
Not playing to their potential?? Look at the team that's played the last three games. 7 points against spurs, city and everton. If anything they've been overperforming
Maybe you havent noticed we had the worst start of the season since... i dont know years
The best for the club would be people like you leaving
Why?
We need someone like him. Martial is too inconsistent to have only him and Greenwood as our true strikers.
I don't think he's been shit but he hasnt justified his price tag. But I think we all knew that when we signed him for the money we did. He's still been an improvement on what we had imo.
Pogba in games like these, Lingard against the top 6.  But yeah, might add it in at the end there.
Yes that\u2019s true but today he was the most wasteful when it came to crosses
I can't entirely blame martial when most of our recent strikers have faced the same issue. Our strikers need to feed off scraps or drop deep to make something happen. \nThing is when martial turns up the attack looks much lively and better.
I think things are improving myself. The results haven't been good enough especially when we have the ball and should win but it's not been terrible, this season needs to be seem as a free hit.\n\nWe're transforming youth players into genuine 1st team players, all our signings have improved our squad in one way or another, we've got rid of most of the dead expensive wood with a few more to go as well. It's a process. Things are better than a year ago, the players are better. Ole will get it wrong and we will have more frustration to come but let's just ride the waves support our boys and see how it goes. If this time in a year there's been no more forward progression then I'll be right with you but Ole and the core of this team deserve time, financial backing and our support.
He's not a wizard mate, can't wave a wand and make mata, lingard or andreas into prime iniesta
We still should be able to break down crap teams
What lmao how did you even make that connection? You\u2019re really projecting there buddy.
Pogs and whomever
Fred, saul and pogba\ud83e\udd1d
Everton didn't play with a low block btw.
Every forward that started today need to sit out vs bottom 14  lol
But they are often literally the same people
Yes, and there was 6 minutes of injury time in that game.
He spoke this week about problems in his personal life. Yea I agree he's never been good enough and we should be looking to ship him off
Its Watford, lets not be overly dramatic here.
They asked about if he was with him last week and he has said that he knows what he want and that halaand knows what he wants haha
Not exactly what he said. A better translation would be \"He knows what he wants, and he knows what he is going to do\"\n\nWhich to me sounds even more promising.
Ill try not to get my hopes up as we\u2019ve been burned many times but that sound somewhat promising? Surely we must know if he\u2019s coming or not by now we\u2019re halfway through December and Ole will want any signings in Jan in as soon as possible
Nativity.\n\nChristmas season and all.
a-ha!
Yeah hahaha, i forgot looking at the thread...
When? When did i play bad today? What decisions are you taking about? He barely lost an aerial, and if it was pogba who passed That ball to Rash this sub would go into meltdown
He*
First half which leads to an attack but Calvert lewin is just offside which could have been a one-one vs de gea\nThen end of the match instead of giving it back to de gea he tries a dribble near the touch line and gives the ball away for a throw in to Everton
Problem is that \"better\" currently mean scraping a draw at home against a relegation candidate with an interim manager and patched up midfield.
They won 3 1 vs Chelsea. They got their goal via a lucky OG that should've been a foul
We didn't scrape a draw. We were always more likely to score than them, they scored off a foul.
Hindsight is 2020. Our forwards decided to go on a picnic today. Normally you see Rashford come short and drive the ball forward. James take on defenders from the deep. They didn't perform well tonight.
This isnt the first time this forward line or one similar to it has had the same problem though. I cant understand why he keeps making the same mistake.
Actually jesse was making brilliant runs in the first half, but was being ignored :(\n\nWe dont have personnel. See James's performance, he ran into traffic every single time. 3 players crowding him anytime he came near the box. Martial less mobile than a cement truck. Rashford is the man ideally to unlock these defences but he had a poor game today. Not sure how that is on the manager
Early on in the season everyone blamed Ole for not bringing on subs quick enough. Hes bringing them much earlier recently. Greenwood was on 64. Mata was completely useless in his time on the pitch. What was he going to do by starting?
Who do you start then? Pereira? Mata?\n\n>Shaw conceded the corner\n\nThis is laughable really.
None\n\n4-4-2\n\nRashford & Dan on either flank. Martial & Mason up front.\n\nShaw's poor clearance led to the corner. Look it up
Yeap he starting Lingard over Messi right ?
I\u2019m unsure on Ole\u2019s tactical abilities but you can\u2019t blame him for starting Lingard..
Starting Lingard over Greenwood who just scored 2 goals a few days ago and scored again today?
Agreed, but James didn\u2019t need to be subbed
Oh I absolutely agree, thought James played well tbh
Not subbing James at all would be my decision. He didn\u2019t have to be subbed
We have a history of injuries and James has been playing quite a lot. Besides putting in fresh legs is always a good idea. We simply need more options we have nooo fkn plan b if things don't go our way and its absolute due to the atrocious depth we have.
I can't say Martial was impressive, either. I know he needs feeding but it's not like he was moving for it either, and you have to create your own opportunities. I remember one great chance where James crossed to Rashford being covered by 3 players at the far post... Martial was too slow to read that he needed to be at the near post. He was at the penalty spot and blocked off, no chance to even get the ball.
Yes, He should be moving into the box but he was hovering on the edge of the box.
Exactly, it was a fluke goal IMO. Everton barely challenged us and I thought we actually did better than normal when facing the parked bus. For some reason every damn pass we made seemed a bit off, those days happen. Best not to overreact, our goals don't change because of this game.
Pretty much lol, Pogba will come back and Ol\u00e8 will say its like having a new signing.
As long as he replaced lingard in the line up I'll take it
I think that would have to go to AWB this match.
Clearly u werent watching
Legit thought his eye popped out for a minute
Take into consideration for how long they have been here in this club. Bissaka sure is expected to improve that part of his game going into the next seasons.
You are going to give him until next season. You do know we have another half season of facing small teams? I don't think he or shaw should be played in these type of games personally. You need creativity from all parts of the pitch when facing a deep block.
Im entitled to correct decisions every time. Considering Michael Oliver and the VAR official just pocketed \u00a310K from that match, I think I'm allowed to be 'entitled' to call out corruption.
It definitely can be, which is why I'm very optimistic about his future here.
Martial seem to be our best linkup player but at the same time you need him in the box so we are struggling. We need Pogba back in the 10 asap.
How can you consider dropping messi linGoatinho
I know, it\u2019s a joke mate
Did you make the same joke I made and it flew over my head
I think you missed the joke.
Yeah, lot's of half assed attempts
Doesn't offer much else vs small teams. If we had Greenwood on for 90 we would've won this game.
Possibly but our tactics are shite in the last 5 minutes of the game Martial was the only in the middle, you'd think with him having the worst movement, Ole shouldve told Greenwood and Rashford to stay in the middle aswell.\n\nTbf it doesn't help that our fullbacks don't offer much on the wings so Rash is still needed to play wide.
 Luckily for him the refs award him a lot of freekicks but to me it seems he often does what you mentioned, run directly into opponents and hits the ground easily. I don't think there's much that can be done to improve his passing, its either you have it or you don't at this point in his development
Yup. Already with you on the passing as well. There's not much he can do about that. Same for his ball carrying. He's good defensively. Quite solid. He's more of a DM than a box to box type player/CM imo.
No idea why you are being downvoted, i love Scott, he's one of my favourite players in the developing players but he absolutely needs to keep training his passing. It's not that he doesnt have a good pass in him, he makes some incredible passes, its that he consistently fluffs the easy passes, rather than the difficult ones.\n\nIf he can add a bit of consistency to his passing game it will complete his development in his position and he probably wont ever be displaced from it if he can just add that element to his game.
He doesn't have good short passing and his long range passing just isn't there my issue is just how often he plays the risky pass
so de gea getting fouled on the everton goal doesn't change the score? the game being 94 minutes long excuses bad refereeing since when?
Bad decisions happen. Deal with it.\n\nWe had plenty of time and plenty of chances to score 3 or 4 goals in this game and we didnt even come close.\n\nWe lost because we were nowhere near good enough.
[removed]
Excellent more like man city didn\u2019t mark him for shit...
If he was so shit, why do you need to mark him? /s
whats so baffling about selling januzaj?
Even Januzaj of now is better than Lingard. Man he can't cross nor playe incisive passes. We can't have a player just for pressing in the first team.\nGood squad player but not a starter.
His personal problems will buy him at least a few more months of selection.  I\u2019m not saying it\u2019s not a sad situation or that he has it easy. But most employees would (if possible) take a small sabbatical to create a good system and it\u2019s not like he doesn\u2019t have the cash to get help with the practical side of things.  I\u2019d have thought football would have helped with the mental side.
Lots of chances? There wasn\u2019t a single half decent chance apart from the attempt off a rebounded Luke Shaw effort that fell to Dan James. Unfortunately he smashed it into Lingard\u2019s face. \n\nGood managers and good teams create 3-4 CLEAR goal scoring opportunities a half against the bottom sides, not 1-2 half chances a match.
[deleted]
He might nt be gr8 but he was good setting up the team last few matches, even today the same team, but our players decided to have an off day. We need more players who can change gameplay if its not working out, but look at our bench. Give Ole the players he wants then i will judge him.
Fair enough, but when you're bypassing a superior manager in Pochettino you're making a big mistake imo.
N.
I would.
For which decision?
He wasn\u2019t bad no but I think Tuanzebe would have done better imo
He could still be a bit more strong there. That ball is never reaching Lindelof with Schmeichel and VdS in goal.
Lingard offers nothing as a cam
Why would you not want that
Arsenal Are going to continue to self destruct.  City need to tumble.  I don\u2019t really give a fuck who beats Liverpool and city.  Just that they lose.  Especially when it\u2019s not going to end up costing us.  Which arsenal winning today wouldn\u2019t.
Our strongest team consists of Luke Shaw, who hasn't got any positional awareness, Lingard who is inneffective in transition. Martial who gives up when the service is poor and doesnt get invovled, just stands around looking moody. Also the team as a whole is young and were going to be inconsistent.
I just disagree with you. We had the amount of shots on our side to win and we just couldn\u2019t finish them. Our problems seem to come out of lack of creativity in the midfield and poor finishing, we\u2019ve missed clear chances game in and game out and our lack of buildup comes from a missing playmaker in midfield. This to me seems like a lack of composure on the players part.
We barely created a chance! what are you talking about? Even the goal came out of nothing. We had some wasteful shots because we couldnt push the ball into dangerous areas. Would you put one Everton player in our team? My gawd.
What about us? Did you enjoy the game today? What even was going on?
Mason is the only player on our bench most weeks who can make an impact and that\u2019s just not good enough, we should have a bench that can turn a match around
young can make an impact in a different kind of way imo.
I think he\u2019s gone tbh don\u2019t think we\u2019ll see him in a United shirt again
No, but look, sometimes you have to see the reality for what it is. Yesterday Liverpool was lucka against Watford, today we were unlucky against Everton, which team is miles better than W.
Spot on. We are one great no. 10 away from being a good team.
And some bench depth, and .... ?
No we're not, our troubles aren't because of a CAM, most of our issues are because teams sit deep and there's no space for our danger players to run through, having a CAM is just gonna take up space we don't have
\"Good performance\" ? He ran a lot, pressed well and had played a couple nice passes. That was it. And it's cute that you actually think  people call him \"Lingardinho\" in an unironic  way
Maguire really needs to step up. I'll give AWB's crossing a pass because he's so damn good at defending.
Didn't notice Maguire in the box but saw him further up the pitch trying to make things happen. So i thought I'll give him a pass. Agree about Bissaka.
True but atleast he's completely bossing one aspect consistently.
Incredibly weak finishing though.
Besides that assist and few runs i thought he was pretty anonymous.
Havertz would be really good for us and United is supposedly aiming to get him
Shouldn't we be? I get we should be realistic but at some point, our aspirations need to be up there...
Exactly.\n\nKDB is the benchmark so why the hell wouldn't we compare Lingard when he is supposed to provide us with the same thing?
Yeah tbf that\u2019s more what I meant, I was just being lazy and putting Cm instead of midfielder. Essentially it\u2019s just one creative link between the holding midfielders and the front players to feed some killer passes because Jesse and Andreas just don\u2019t offer enough of that for me!
shit, forgot it was a draw, my bad.
I would never say that to someone who brings up an actual point. Most of these comments are just-\n\n\"Uhhhh we're always so bad and we're never going to be good and the whole team is shit\"\n\nIt serves no point in driving a discussion other than just shitting on the team because of a bad result. If you comment something talking about the actual aspect of the performance than there's nothing I could/would/or should say because it's an actual point being made other than just \n\n\"Uuuuhhhhhhh my whole day is ruined because I thought United were going to score eight goals and concede -1\"
Fair enough.
Fucking hell mate chill, he\u2019s joking.
Welcome to the internet
\u201cThe worst breed of new society\u201d\nReally?\n\nWhat about people our walking with their dog, their dog shits and they fake like they\u2019re picking it up... but don\u2019t.\n\nOr adults who eat the free fruit in supermarkets that are meant to be for kids?\n\nHmm.
Yes.
I don\u2019t think they needed one with their style of play today mate. Their passing movement began with either a direct ball to Calvert Lewis which he did well in every aerial duel, or directly out to the flanks. They didn\u2019t rely on a midfield defending as they dug in deep at the back.\nMidfielders against a counter attacking squad like United would be used to break down attacks early or to press heavily which they didn\u2019t.
Spot on. Our young players will take a lot from today. Think ole has won 2 games from going first goal down. You can\u2019t turn that sort of form around immediately, you have to teach the younger players how to first get back into a match, then to press on from there (which is where we just fell short today). \nI think people see what we\u2019ve done last 3 games and think we\u2019re in \u2018good form\u2019, but every game depends on the first goal for me. If you go a goal down (regardless of the time and circumstances of the goal) form is irrelevant. Our 3 good performances against Citeh, spurs and AZ were all won from scoring the first goal. This was a big step today and continues a little unbeaten streak which builds confidence! \nLook at Chelsea, their kids are really struggling to find a way back into matches after going a goal down these days.
I\u2018d love to see our players getting service upfront
Fucks sake
They scored last minute and I was watching our game, the only showed the score update on Sky after full-time. \n\nNo need to get rude.
Congratulations
I'm not, it's just another shit result. The case is we are decent and every time we have a chance to pop forward we underperform.
Sorry. I meant how can our team be so bipolar? Like one game we play like we can beat any team in the world and the next we play like a championship team. I don\u2019t understand
I\u2019m here, post made a few seconds ago saying we need more patience that\u2019s been taken down. Not difficult to find us..
Just because he is scoring doesn't mean he is being utilized to his full potential. Now imagine what he could do if he was in and around the box all the time instead of being out wide and sometimes having to track back.
Yeah i agree something he's great at, plus three players would close Pogba down and free James up to take those shots. \n\nThat or Pogba would do one of his clever little flicks over the top to get Martial or Rashford in, just something more creative than finding a channel to pass down.\n\nMaybe Periera like we witnessed midweek, with his neat little touches could've unlocked that defence yesterday.
Wow. You're scum.
Lingard is bang average but you would expect people to show a bit more dignity. We need a CAM asap.
I feel that it was an acceptable result, not great. They are hungry, hardworking and are ready to die for their manager rn, \"new manager bounce\" if you like. They literary whooped Chelsea last weak and they sit back (our kryptonite atm).
True. But dropping points at home is always a big no no
Because he was dripping deep as there was no service into him. That's lingard's job and he wasn't doing it
Yeah but in the second half we tried to get the ball down the wings to find chances in the center. And every single time, martial was not there to aim at.
Can you imagine people still rate him. Alli is 23. Look at the fucking difference. He's literally the worst player in that position across the top 6.
*across the league
Lol literally only rival club supporters make use of that shit \u201clingard is so young\u201d meme... on top of that there is no blind loyalty, everyone in this sub knows how much the club needs creativity in the midfield.
Its a thread on this subreddit and i got downvoted to oblivion for saying he isnt young.
He plays abysmally in every game and is largely due to us struggling in the final third. Alli is 23. Look at him and look at Lingard.
Ok I\u2019m not saying he\u2019s good but we weren\u2019t necessarily a good team when Lingard scored that goal, as opposed to Spurs, who were and still are.
That goes to show how wishy washy the fans on here are. They forget their own opinion in less than an hour because the result changes.
LOL
Yeah we shouldn\u2019t be relying on the kid. There is a difference in starting a player and hoping he\u2019s our lord and savior. \n\nMartial is shit, so he should be replaced by a player who is playing better. It\u2019s really that simple.
Starting Greenwood as our striker isn\u2019t relying on him? Ok. \n\nYou already lost me when you called Martial the french Titus bramble. Kind of shit you\u2019d see on r/soccer from someone with a Liverpool flair.
We needed that player in August. This is going to be a long season isn't it
Thanks
Cheers mate
Thanks
overeating?
Sorry. Autocorrect .  Overrating
At least until Mason stepped up and he\u2019ll be the one most displaced by the arrival of Haaland
Ole will rotate him with James or Lingard on the wings.
We can\u2019t rely that much on an 18 year old, it\u2019s irresponsible imo.
Im all for depth and options but we already have 2 young, good options in that position: Martial and Greenwood. Meanwhile we have no back up for players like McTominay and we don\u2019t have any real right wingers. I think we should be addressing holes in the starting lineup and positions without backup before adding and extra dimension to a position that\u2019s already covered by multiple players
I don\u2019t disagree.  We need midfielders.  But if the possibility is there.  We should probably sign Haland.
Need 4 top strikers mate, 99 treble winning team had Cole, Yorke, Sheringham and Ole. 2009 team that also won the champions League had Rooney, Ronaldo, Teves and Barbatov. We've been at our most dangerous when we've been stacked in the striker department. \n\nSo maybe Martial, Rashford, Haaland and Greenwood can be the attacking quartet of this current side. That kid Haaland is 18 and he's been banging in goals in the champions League. If you can get him for a decent fee then why the hell not?\n\nIt's around 60 odd games in the season if you have Europe and domestic cups so you really do need two teams comprised of quality and hard working committed players. Youth is definitely the way to go and let them all grow and play together and maybe we'll have a team that can challenge for titles once again.
For me they are not out and out strikers. Greenwood usually comes in from the right and Martial ideally likes to come in from the left. We do not have that striker that poaches a goal out of nothing making runs into the six yard box stretching the two center backs. Ideally we get one striker and two midfielders, qualify for the champions league and then have a great chance to buy Sancho in the summer.
What exactly is Haalands attributes?
He's quick he's fast, and he's got pace
To be fair,  I haven\u2019t watched him much,  but he\u2019s tall,  with some pace, so I\u2019ve heard.  He\u2019s a finisher,  and he\u2019s young.  Two things we don\u2019t have.
Tall, Strong, think Pogbas attributes but up front instead. Fantastic poacher, decent first touch, very fast (especially for his size) absolute sniper of a shot on him. He's a very physical striker, a but similar in attributes to Lukaku, but unlike Lukaku he actually has a first touch and can play with his back to the goal.\n\nVery exciting talent, and for his age can only go upwards. Could be the next big thing if developed right.\n\nScored a hat trick on his champions league debut. 4 Hat-tricks in 9 games overall. Far too good for the  league he is in.
Yeah I\u2019m sure H\u00e5laand is looking at us drop points to Everton at home and thinking \u201cYeah I wanna go there instead of Dortmund or Leipzig\u201d
Tbh he probably sees why we want him. Don't forget he's only 19 and wouldn't be guarenteed a lot of games for the biggest teams in Europe. At united he would be getting lots of games.
It was a shot towards our depth and not Oles subs
Really? I don't think I have ever seen him make a defensive mistake!
One gives a 10 to players like kante..If scott was so adept we wouldn't be under pressure in midfield.\n\nHe also got megged today man\n\nEdit: words
look at his efforts today and honestly think would mason not have done better with them , dan would definitely have more assists if people were in the box but also we can hide the fact that a fair amount of his crosses arent great either. when the teams sit back like that, finding a man from a cross doesnt seem to be happening , and thats from everyone not just dan in fairness
always excuses huh? got one for all the other teams we failed to beat this year?
Lots of shots for sure, but how many were actually good chances?
Alot of them. Lindelof in the box,maguire missing a header the pickford came under,james had multiple and just didnt get a good shot off.
They were practically straight at him, what game were you watching?
Just like what mourinho did with tony and marcus on the left
I dont think so, Andreas offers a lot more because hes more technically gifted than Jesse, whos pretty much a work horse. I think andreas couldve done okay today if he had played
Meh he's just not good enough. We need Pogba back ASAP.
for being content with every loss
You think that's the reason he's smiling??? Ole is not happy we are losing
Forget shots. Look at how many times we hit the target. \n\nDid you sense any kind of urgency? We completely lack that.
There was a ton of urgency, not so much in the first half but in the second half before we equalised we were all over them!
This positivity will only comfort the players to be more inconsistent
In the short term possibly? But this builds a more trusting environment and culture in the long term, unlike a certain former manager calling the best player in the squad a \"virus\"
desire and motivation = energy for me.\n\nwe came out pretty slow (imo).
Not oles fault for not coaching shaw to do what he says, not oles fault that there is more movement in the box, not oles fault martial does fuck all? The game was dire, and we got exposed yet again but you guys will say the same thing as always
Mate, Shaw has had top coaching from Van Gaal, Mourinho and now Ole, and all those backroom staff. Truth is, he isnt very good! The game wasnt dire, we created chances. Evertons goal should have been ruled a foul as well.
So what? Doesn't make ours invalid. I'm pretty sure a major reason why city are not doing as well is due to the abhorrent luck they've had in injuries. The only spot they are not stacked to the brim with quality replacements has had the major injuries. Is it not okay for them to say they're unlucky? We've been unlucky too, its not the only factor to why we are playing so fucking badly, but it IS a factor and you cannot say otherwise.
Martial was invisble, Rashford was just awful.
Yup. Rashford probably was getting frustrated with the team not able to break down the defence and decided to go for some shots from angles which were not particularly clement for shooting
What positives can you take from that performance
Greenwood. Their goal should have been disallowed.
I literally blamed him for the goal on the goal thread. Even so, De Gea has been our player of the year many times. Lindelof is awful. He can't defend, can't head the ball, and can't mark. I'd much rather have Tuanzebe playing beside Maguire.
Maguire wasn't nearly as bad, at least he contributed on the attack. Lindelof is a catastrophic defender. I'd much rather have the madman that is Bailly on the pitch.
For now...wait for the next results against Watford, Newcastle, and Burnley. We win two against Big Clubs, then fall on our faces against mid-table/relegation bound clubs. Same cycle for the last 7-years.
Exactly. The team has no creator. There\u2019s only pogba who is always injured or flirting with zidane.
Yeah fuck Pogba. Bet he didn't manage ONE tackle today
Absolute disgrace he is!!!!
Lindelof, Lingard, Shaw and James should be squad players, not first choice.\n\nJames might develop into a 1st choice player in time, and it's not his fault we only have 4 players for the front 3 positions.
Lindelof definitely isn't a squad player, neither is Shaw. The only one from that list you click make an argument for is James, lingard isn't a stater either just Stopgap until pogba Is back
I mean he only fucking knows how to counter attack. Thats it. Against smaller teams which don\u2019t do that he has no idea what to do.
We had 24 shots today. We didn't play counter attacking football today
Well I\u2019m fucking sick of it. It won\u2019t be long before everyone will be calling his head once they see he finishes us mid table.
No. Shake hands and congratulate him, but save the laughter for a pint after ffs.
Are you seriously getting stressed and angry over a bloody handshake and a smile? Something so insignificant as a few seconds acknowledgement of the opposing manager. You talking like he woke up this morning thinking about shaking hands at the end of the game lol
I thought Mctominay was very good actually, passing acurate, broke up play. While Fred was wasteful
76% pass accuracy compared to Fred's 90%. Fred played 70 accurate passes today compared to mctominays 38
Mctominay on here gets way to overrated imo, Fred was better today..
I think the reverse of that...
Sorry but we should be beating that bang average Everton side. Our players are good enough. Lingard shouldn't have started the game. That's on Ole
do you have any arguments about what i said or just here to suck our \"tactical geniuses'\" dick like the most of this sub?
Learn football or go back to twitter
Oh for Christ sake.\n\nIt was clear how good Ronaldo was going to be
Yep, but it is also clear that James has the tools needed to come good. The choice is either to write him off or support him, and every day of the week I would choose the latter.
He shouldn't be starting, better to come off the bench
Yup. Pace and energy off the bench.
And who is the option we have to start instead of him ???
I mean, \"squad\" is shit
So how did the squad beat Man City and Tottenham? Let\u2019s face it, Ole\u2019s tactics are one dimensional - win the ball back and counter
Needed badly, would be unstoppable when he improves his crossing
Maguire is an average to decent centre back at best. Not worth anywhere near 80m. I don\u2019t know why people are scared of admitting it. He\u2019s not a top 10 centre back in the Premier League. He\u2019s literally the most expensive defender ever, you\u2019re telling me he\u2019s worth that? Don\u2019t make me laugh
De Ligt went for is around 85.5 after fees and bonuses. Also not having a spectacular season, not to say they he's been bad.... just not consistent( at least as far as I've seen). It is a ridiculous amount of money, yes. But a club like Man U will always pay a premium for players. MV of 50m at time of transfer but we paid 87. So that's that.
Who\u2019s better?
Man he is as bad as Djemba Djemba when not playing counter attacking football.
It was if we beat our bloody opponents for the last few weeks, Inc today
Yep
As I've mentioned he has a good cross in him and do make a few in each game that begs to be scored. But based on the match threads and reactions people talk as if every cross was a peach. People tend to slightly overrate some players cyclically in this sub currently it being williams, McTominay and James. All brilliant players tho but they get an extra helping of love from the fans.
You over thinking it bruv
[deleted]
Martial drops deep to get the ball from the Midfielders , so that he can progress the ball forward. He's a firmino/ benzema type striker ( not at their level currently ). \n\nYou can't expect him to link up play and at the same time run inside the box to finish.
Ok,  so,  what you\u2019re saying is we should concede against anyone that plays a low block?  Something needs to be done to figure out a way to beat these teams with what we have.  That\u2019s what I\u2019m saying.  There\u2019s always a solution to every problem.
There's a massive difference between lack of personnel and lack of successful positional structure, patterns of play, movement, so on and so forth. We have more than the players required to \"enable us\" to beat a struggling team that has one fit senior midfielder and lost one of their best performers early on in the match. The same goes for the numerous other weak teams that we've dropped points to. Every single player that started for us today would've been in Everton's starting XI if they had the choice, barring MAYBE Shaw and after Digne's injury he easily would. Like Ferguson said after the match, Everton have what? Two wins and six draws at OT in the PL era? This is an embarrassing result and predicated upon poor coaching that we've been seeing all season.
You can ride that top red high horse all you want. Im not looking at this situation through red tinted glasses
Because the color of your glasses change every match.
I don't go into hiding, im very outspoken and freely express myself whenever and however I please within reason. If you're an avid stalker you'd see that I was positive going into this Everton game, perhaps you missed that or only choose to go with your own narrative for confirmation bias. GTFO with that misplaced flip flop criticism/accusation
damn.... where is that mentality now
Because when it's been happening constantly for months maybe there's a problem beyond the players.
We're 4 points behind top 4 and we're in a rebuilding phase. There was loads of bad individual performances on the pitch today
Martial is quickly becoming a wasted talent.
Not really my point is it, we've been shit for 6 months against the bad sides.
It's not a one off though? We've been shit for months against the bad sides.
I do agree with you, but I'm not pinning this one on Ole personally
Mate 'building a team' isn't an excuse. We should be beating these teams regardless of whether we're building a team.
You got to zoom out. This is one game. I agree that today wasn't the best in terms of quality or result, but how are we going to get to the level where we win on these days against 'these teams'?
A lot of Ole fanboys in here mate one bad word about him and you're drowned with downvotes lmao
Poch
They got Lindelof on skates everytime Pickford launched the ball forward fair play to them they knew it was Victor's weakness and exploited it
Many clear cut chances did they get from it?
Really? They got Victor and Harry running laps because Fred was the only one in this match who is capable of stringing good passes.
baines did stuff all today tbh.
this isn't fifa kid but good effort
Who do you want ole to bring on huh smart ass
We have to fight with Chelsea, Arsenal , Spurs to get there, My guess is Spurs will nick it ... we are little too inconsistent to get there. Mou will park against 6 teams and win the 14 .. while we might win the 6 and lose against 14
They are all shitting the bed too though. I think we can get it if we can pick up a good midfielder and Haaland in Jan. Getting Pogba back and playing him in a 10 role instead of Lingard will be like having a new player too. All is not lost. Jose will get Spurs playing but his negative tactics will mean they'll drop points as well. Arsenal are done this year. They haven't a hope. Chelsea are young and are in the same boat as us - a lot depends on their Jan signings too. This is probably the most important Jan transfer window in the last decade for United. Perhaps ever. We have a chance at top 4 and if we get it we have a real chance at a summer rebuild. But miss out and we lose even more credibility for players considering joining us. Pogba will leave, and a standard of mediocrity will have another year to set in. Exciting year even though it's so up and down that it's exhausting!
Whatever, get ole OUT. Fucking sick of him and him smiling after the match.
MORE than shocking
I swear some on this sub didnt watch the same game wtf james played well
James was awful, no one addresses it because he runs fast. Deserves dropping for the better player by this point. At no other top club would a forward who hasn't scored since August not be dropped
Not much good when your crosses never find anyone
Our fowards are also to be blamed then
James assist was a basis pass which my gran could've done
I'm sorry but it's more than Lingard's done \ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2642\ufe0f
A goal to AZ in the first half of that game and we would not have won it. \n\nCity was a good game, but they had loads more chances and it could have easily gone the other way.\n\nDid not see the spurs game no.
The thing is, AZ never looked like scoring, and the City game was set up that way tactically.
I needed to vent. Whenever we seem to get into form, we fuck up by playing like this.\nColchester and Watford next? Barely through against Col and 1 point from Watford is my prediction.
No
Plastic
That was desperate.
> The most irritating part is that he does not even attack our set pieces,\n\nExactly this. He seems more interested in wrestling with his marker which can only mean he doesn't know how to shake off his defender or to make a tricky run to attack the corner.
[removed]
[removed]
>  Yet our manager still can't see it's not working.\n\nThen why did you say this if you agree that he's acknowledged a problem?
Saying that we have a problem isn't the same as doing something about it. \n\nHow are you not getting this?
You don't want let's say a creative mid then?
Must be the first time that a good team has dropped points vs an inferior team then...\n\nThis Everton side beat Chelsea 3 - 1 last week. They\u2019re on a new manager bounce that has their players motivated to play their best. \n\nIf it were easy to consistently beat lower table opposition that sit defensively all game, you\u2019d think at least one of our post-Ferguson managers would have been able to do it.
You don't hear Liverpool or City making the same excuses. Just because we've had incompetent managers, doesn't change the fact.
But being in top 4 and continuing to rely on your own results and having to rely on other teams slipping up is an easier position to be in.
I think you're entirely missing the point. There are 21 game left in the season. Being in top 4 now means nothing. You still have to play all the other top 6 teams. You still have to play the opposite fixture of all your previous fixtures.  The conversation should be around performance not top 4. \n\nEven in top 4 you rely on other teams results unless you don't drop points. As long as you don't have a perfect record, it's not easier to stay in top 4 than to get in top 4. It's exactly the same process.
Says something about the quality of the game really. Holgate was awful in possession too and still Everton's standout player.
Yeah in an average performance from the team, he was a bit more positive for me, apart from that horrible clearance leading to the corner for the OG. Second half he was better imo with a lot of energy
It\u2019s mad. I can\u2019t get over how often I see people want Tuanzebe in over Lindelof either despite not showing enough to warrant a starting place over him. It feels like people want him to make mistakes so they can blame him. If anyone should be getting replaced it\u2019s Maguire but it won\u2019t happen because he cost so much and because of this Brexit FC thing we\u2019re going for. \n\nBut that\u2019s beside the point, I said it in the summer and I\u2019ll say it again, no matter who\u2019s in defence, they\u2019ll be vulnerable with such a poor midfield in front of them.
James was immense today
Nan as compared to someone like calvert who would challenge every ball vs linderloff. Martial/rash would not go into the challenge...
I don't blame Martial for looking disinterested sometimes. It has to be frustrating as hell when everyone is taking the piss like that.
Well you should be blaming Martial for looking disinterested, guy is earning over 200k a week playing for Manchester United. That alone is enough. Maybe we wouldn't have to rifle 25 yard shots if Martial moved a bit more.
TBF, Lingard, Rashford and James had 3 1v1s within the first 10 minutes. \n\nWhen they fucked all those chances up I knew we weren't getting much in this game
Our xG was fewer than 1.5 in the game, suggesting the chances weren't too quality.
Most crosses were snuffed out by the first man before even given the opportunity to attack them. We NEED a good corner taker or it's a waste for Maguire to run up for corners.
Honestly I was gonna say we cant do both but the crosses in particular are so fucking bad. Always straight to the defenders
Absolutely. We've also got to remember that the players missed a number of big chances so early on (again) today. You can't blame Ole for that. You can't blame Ole for their shitty goal either. Sure, we struggled for patches when they let us have the ball, but there were still moments where the players could have picked better passes or placed better crosses. Ole can't do the players' jobs for them
I fully agree. People need to realize this and stop assuming from twitter.
Disagree. Playing direct football and knowing where to play the pass, where to make the runs to exploit the defensive shape, and when to time the runs, isn\u2019t just individual brilliance. \n\nI said this when we won counter attacking victories with Mourinho, and I\u2019m saying this now with Solskjaer in charge. There\u2019s more to \u2018tactical nous\u2019 than intricate triangles on the edge of the box.
This is massive oversimplification. And statements like this is how Ole out brigade doesn't give any credit to him. We exploited space behind their defence a lot of times with james and rashford and then when their defence converged, switch to attack in space.\n\nThis is how we scored the goal. James had attracted defenders, lays it off to mason who does well to finish.
Fuck me lad, if you think I\u2019m part of some brigade you need to re-evaluate the tin foil hat perspective you have of the world.
Martial shot a couple of times to the defender's shins, rashford took a couple of shots from wide on target but non threatening.
You're describing shots, not chances.\n\nThis was our xG, 1.3 We created barely anything. https://twitter.com/Caley_graphics/status/1206244410519896065/photo/1
We didn't take shots from the box, that's why xg was low. xG is useful for predicting finishing capabilities of a team and not a good indicator of chance creation.
It's both. Shots taken from outside the box aren't great chances in general, which is why they don't carry much xG.
Tottenham, Arsenal and Everton to name a few.
Everton have only paid north of 40M for a few players, all attackers. I don't see them making McT their second highest signing ever. Same with Spurs and Arsenal as he wouldn't improve their current options, especially Spurs even if Mourinho admires the guy. I don't see Levy spending that amount on him and Arsenal are a passing focused team, something McT lacks in
Buying players for the future vs buying a dead end team.  You really are thick.  We are still literally paying for Mous mistakes now.
\nSo it's Jose's fault United are worse off points wise.\nI stand corrected. Lol.
Right? Like if you watch when we came back against Sheffield, rashford linked up with greenwood for the second goal and it was the type of goal we NEVER score. For Rashford, he was bad today but he significantly improves when players are moving around him to create space. I still think Martial is class but he\u2019s not leading the line like we need him to
McTom vs Brighton.
Wasn't that from a free-kick?
We've had this problem under Jose and LVG aswell. I understand they need some motivation but they need to sort themselves out, can't always raise your game for the top 6 then decide 'ah fuck it we should win today' against the rest.
that's because most users here just parrot what they've heard before
I mean you could say the same for most anti ole posts as well, I'm sure the same type of arguments are used on both sides. I'm also not pro ole, just pro seeing what happens and not being over excited when we win and over negative when we lose, with a young squad there's bound to be inconsistencies
>I mean you could say the same for most anti ole posts as well, I'm sure the same type of arguments are used on both sides.\n\nI agree, I'm tired of seeing the phrase 'out of his depth' repeatedly as well. The conversation had gone stale a long time ago.
Why not? What's different for us? If it works why not do it? Well that's fine mate but currently we're above 8th and have the possibility to be in 3 finals. I'm not saying that we're definitely going to so don't get it twisted but currently we could end up having a better season than klopps original.\n\nAgain I'm not saying it will happen, I think my point is it's far too early for the ole in or the ole out crew to make any massive assumptions, I think there's some positives this season, there's definitely some negatives as well but I'm willing to reserve my judgement until the end.
Because we are still Man Utd. Every team raises their game when they play us. We have a stigma of being a big club. For example if Everton play Watford they are not going to just sit back. But their mentality changes when they come to OT. This will always happen just due to the quality of players we have and who we are. It's blindingly obvious how to play against us. We basically do exactly what smaller teams do to us when we play City or Chelsea etc just our players are better so our level raises (hence why it's difficult for them to break us down). You can't be a top team and play counter attacking football as your preferred tactic because we don't play other big teams every week. Even if we win cups finishing 4th is the greater of achievement as it shows greater consistency.
Also counter attacking football is like the most basic of strategies. It just relies on pace. There is no intricacy there. We are not that good at pressing from the front.
Jesus Christ watch the game before commenting on it.  We had a chance in the first minute
I did watch the game.  It was a chance,  but a difficult one.  I don\u2019t blame Lingard for missing it.  No one missed a chance that they should have scored.  That\u2019s my point.  No clear cut chances.
Disagree, he\u2019s direct on goal, the complexity comes because he has to hit it on the turn- more composure allows him to adjust for the angle despite not being able to see the goal.\nLike I said not an easy chance by any means, but you see them scored.
Yeah,  sometimes,  not a clear cut chance though
VAR giveth and VAR taketh away
But greenwood is a striker and lingard plays no10. Also Greenwood is only just 18. Its too early to have him start every game
[removed]
[removed]
Personally I prefer martial
I've seen it, and it's not first game he's done it, he did that against City and Spurs too. In fact that is how he scored against City. Dropped slightly deeper to collect the ball about 20-25 yds out and played a 1-2 with Dan James, IIRC, and once he was in the box then he slotted it home beautifully. Today he only had 1 shot and it was blocked. He was basically a passenger today; if he's our number 9, he must take more than one shot *at the bare minimum* every single week.
Well that's a shit take but ok
No...it never came through. Rashy needed 4 on target, only got 3 out of 6
Oh shit, sorry, didn't really read the **over** 3 shots on target, sorry mate, that's damned close
He was in jeans.... you think he was playing actual pickup with professional basketball players who had a game that day?  Have you even seen the video?
Whenever I think of Eriksen I think back to that Denmark v Ireland qualifier in 2017 where he just destroyed us and have loved the idea of him joining United ever since haha. \n\nI dunno really. If I had faith in him staying he could be that creative player instead of Lingard. Fred has been better this season but I'm still not really sold on him and would probably look to get an upgrade for him eventually. We just really lack any depth of quality options.
It\u2019s called poor football strategy, from the thinking that higher wages  equal better quality players. It was true in the 90s, 2000s but not today with all the TV money being splash around.  Check out a book called scoccernomics latest edition. It will help better understand why why need a director of football and why we are where we are today. Great Read!
It's not just football. Look at any career. I don't see many CEO's on minimum wage.
You change tactics base on the teams you play; considering the strength of our current squad, we were never going to dominate the City game possession wise. However, Ole made very good use of what we were stronger in - pace! And that was very apparent in the game. Even Ole suggested the 2nd half wasn't quite as he wanted it to be - United sat too far back. \n\nYou need to manage your expectations. Ole made a general statement, it isn't fair of you to moan he didn't follow through after we play a team like City on their turf. You are also operating under the misconception that possession means better - that's not always the case. Barcelona had 66% when they got trounced by Bayern 4-0. I'd rather we are clinical with the few chances we have than be useless passing the ball around. Many United fans, including myself, were very happy City kept passing around being 2-0 down - they weren't a threat with the ball until the last 15 or so minutes.
I am not moaning and it would be wise for you to address - if you decide to reply - what I say as opposed to what you think is a larger point.\nI have no issue with a change in tactics (better described as a change in ambition)... my disagreement was describing that as a proper United performance because in my view it was not.
They're not mutually exclusive, full stop. Idk what the rest of your comment is trying to get at but you're not hitting any mark. \n\n> Just because a player is offside, doesn't mean it's going to be given.\n\nWhat even.
Refs get decisions wrong sometimes, believe it or not.
Since the start of the legendary SAF Era, who was also piss poor in his starting games, but had the quality on field. He didn't get the results, same as us, but got the performances, same as us right now.
BC Ole can't help the fact that his squad is weak. He is building something and we have a solid foundation. We are a few PLAYERS shy of being a challenging team, but until we have the players you can't blame the manager. It would be better if yall stopped following the club because you are absolutely clueless to what a rebuilding phase is like and getting rid of managers every season is a terrible way to build a solid team.
Have i said that im ole out? Because im not, im just sick of people hating each other for having different opinions and i can totally get why people are ole out
Well, we did break them down in the first 20, it could have been and should have been 2:0 or even 3:0, I think Ole's tactics worked amazingly well in the beginning. However, our players just couldn't score those chances
Cant we add one cheeky McT?
Bench, yeah
Mctominay of the bench
Yeah my bad, but for me the most important thing is that he has been asked about if he met him, and he says that know what halaand wants so.. haha
1-0 is scraping a win.\n\nWe weren't decisive.
Could it be because the frontline is young, and inconsistency is the hallmark of young teams? No surely no, let's just blame the manager it's easier this way
There is no link player between midfield and attack. When the midfielders get the ball all the attackers want to make the same run, that's the kind of players they are. Compounded by the fact that we dont seem to use the full backs in transition at all.\n\nIt's a tactical/selection issue as much as a player performance one.\n\nAlso Lingard is fucking 27, Martial is 24 and has nearly 200 career apps. The young player thing is just a lazy excuse.
I didn't know we were in 2001. 44facking 2 that's brilliant how did no one else think of that!
We played 4-4-2 against Sheffield and turned 2-0 into 2-3 sooooo\n\n\ud83e\udd14
Greenwood is a striker, not a no.10. You could maybe start Greenwood over Martial but he was never going to start over Lingard.
Maybe, just maybe, he could've play 2 strikers up front in a 4-4-2. You know, the formation Fergie used when he dominated the whole country and won trophies. I think it's not a bad idea to do it.
His shooting was off, but, unlike martial and Jesse, he was actually taking risks with the ball and deserves a lot of credit for it
Mata is never \u201cfresh legs.\u201d James at 30% is more mobile than Mata. Beyond that, though, I find it hard to believe that James couldn\u2019t play 10 more minutes, or that playing an extra 10 would push him into injury danger, given that he wasn\u2019t showing any signs of fatigue. \n\nI agree about the squad depth, but that\u2019s no excuse for making the wrong sub, and Mata is never a player for these situations. While I don\u2019t agree he needed to be subbed, If James *had* to go, Andreas, despite his faults, would\u2019ve been a better sub because of his energy and work rate.
I think H\u00e5land would take Martial's spot and Greenwood would still be off the bench. I'm not sure Martial is industrious enough for what Ole wants to do.
Ah fuck me you did
Sure that's a valid point for the final moments. But for 90 minutes Martial simply doesn't play like an Ole Striker, very passive in his press and makes it difficult for us to commit to any real pressure. Atleast Jesse does a cracking job at pressing. That stuff isn't skill, its heart. I very much question Martial's desire to be a part of a cog in a defensive unit rather he prefers to just conserve his energy and attack every time. \n\nWould just like to see Mason start at ST instead of Martial and see what happens.
Jesse and cracking job. \n\nPick one
Yeah im with you like i said, he HAS made some incredible passes, but the consistency is just not there. Its going to need to be something he works on on the training ground or he will always be in the same bracket as post illness fletcher. A steady and talented squad player, but not in the same bracket as Scholes, Keane etc. He could hit world class if he tightens it up though.
What does that matter if none of them are good chances? I urge you to name a single clear cut chance we had in the entire 90 minutes.
[deleted]
>  when you're bypassing a superior manager in Pochettino you're making a big mistake imo\n\nThis is the main point that I hope others will see as well. Are we really in the position to wait, hope and pray that Ole suddenly shows some tactical nous when playing against the smaller teams or go for one of the best managers available now who will be able to work with our young team well.
The goal that should have been disallowed. Couple penalty shouts completely ignored.
The penalty shouts were a little soft man. We would be raging if it was given against us.
And we couldn\u2019t put the ball into dangerous areas because of a need of a number 10 and horrible passing and a lack of giving a shite by Martial this match. It\u2019s really easy to see that we\u2019re just missing a creative spark to put us over the edge to give us that quality. We\u2019re not nearly as dire as some people seem to want to make us out to be, and Ole isn\u2019t the problem here. We\u2019ve said the same thing under Moyes (even though that was a shit show) , under Van Gaal, and under Mou. Really at this point another manager isn\u2019t going to fix the issue. It\u2019s new players and sticking to a system. It\u2019s time to face the fact that the manager isn\u2019t our problem.
A number 10 will simply look as clueless as anyone else. Maddison shines because Leicester move as a team. Vardy is probably the best striker off the ball in the league. Leicester also play a counter attacking style overall. \n\nYou stick Maddison in this United team and he becomes just as toothless as the rest of them.
And a good CB who doesn't scare off when opposition strikers tried a body charge. A CB that can score headers from corners or at least get one on target. An RB that can cross the ball well. A LB that isn't overweight. A Ruud/RvP-esque striker that you cand depend on to score every week. I changed my mind we need a lot more
Yes. Yes we do.
I think having Bruno Fernandes or Dybala at Lingard's place would've helped us a little bit mate
It'd be better, but that's not the root of the problem, there's only so many times a better individual is gonna solve it. Problem with CAM is that most teams these days play with a dedicated DM, and they just mark them out the game. Everton just played with 2 banks of 4 and there was no room, almost for whoever we would have used
Ah no worries. \n\nTo answer your question, weak mentality. How many times has this occurred under jose and LVG as well as Ole. There is no mentality at any level of the club and we shit ourselves under expectation. Look at our best results under Ole, well most of them, either a game people think we will lose or a match where Oles job is on the line. \n\nSignings will help but how much I'm not sure.
No they were saying that Ashley Young is still putting in a shift at 34 years old. So Jesse lingard might yet be useful for a while. I don\u2019t think anyone\u2019s arguing 27 is really that young
Go look at the Lingard birthday thread.
You don\u2019t think that Greenwood should be started ahead of Martial ? \n\nAnd I don\u2019t think you understand what I\u2019m trying to say. Of course you rely on players to put in a performance when you play them. \n\nBut this sub is overloaded with people calling Greenwood the new Van Persie and that he is our future. Thats a lot of expectations. \n\nI\u2019ve wanted Martial to succeed for years now so bad. I have his name on the back of my shirts. He had crazy skill, and can be amazing on his day. \n\nBut too often he\u2019s lazy, doesn\u2019t get in the right positions or is just injured for ages once again. Give me a player with heart like James any day over a moody Martial.
Martial is inconsistent I agree and he can be really frustrating, but I don\u2019t think Mason is ready to be our starting striker just yet.
But he\u2019s not winger just like James isn\u2019t a RW. We already have 2 number 9s in Martial and Greenwood and 2 LWs in Rashford and James but 0 actual RWs. Why add a 3rd layer of depth to our no. 9 situation before addressing the hole in our XI on the right wing?
I absolutly agree, we could use another striker and haaland would be perfect but getting a CAM and a RW is more important
Then who can we rely on?
The point is that we need options. We need depth. Putting all our hopes on one player is irresponsible, that\u2019s all I\u2019m saying.
2 x 18 year old
But 19 year old Haaland is okay? \ud83e\udd14
What? I think you misunderstood my argument completely. Or you\u2019re trying to be difficult.
Lol
Lol typical reddit football expert making comments having not watched a player. Also 'finisher' and 'young' we literally have that lol
Never claimed to be an expert.  And my point was we don\u2019t have any height,  or any natural finishers.  Greenwood aside.  Chill out.
Not sure I would consider any of those a good chance\n\nBar the goal, most shots on target were long range attempts from Rashford that were easily saved
But how all over them? How many quality chances did we create? That would have been difficult for the goalie to stop?
Admittedly we lacked clear cut chances but that had nothing to do with the lack of urgency, just the quality of the final product.
He always does it though, same as Andreas. Only scores from goalkeeping errors ffs
I think you misunderstand me. Squad player = not a starter. I'm saying that those four players shouldn't be starting for us. They're back ups. Squad players, not starters. We need upgrades on (at least) those four if we want to be a top team
I\u2019m saying he only knows counter attack tactics. He doesn\u2019t know anything otherwise. Doesn\u2019t know how to break down teams who park the bus nor any other teams. He\u2019s only good for playing against big 6.
And where did they go? Mctominays had more long balls and key passes so its clear he did better than Fred
Because he had 1 more key pass and 2 more long balls ? Lool is that how you judge your midfielders? Sad.
Mctominay 4 key passes, 4 long balls, 5 tackles and interception. Fred 3,2,2
McTominay was poor today, no masking it
The guy gets praise for a simple sidewards  pass
It\u2019s getting ridiculous because he\u2019s a academy player ffs Lingard 2.0
chill ur no one in reddit or in twitter or in real life. just another dumb dicksucker who cant understand shit and calls every person who has a right mind and sees nothing will happen with this manager \"plastic\". stop typing and go watch the city game highlights for the rest of the year.  that'll keep low iqs like you happy.
\ud83d\udc4c
What tools apart from speed and cutting inside to shoot?
Actual talent. Unlike the guy wearing number 14.
Squad is a 23 man team,  that's what I meant. We have a decent 1st team but we need to reenforce in Jan to get a decent bench for our squad
Having good players won\u2019t bring better results unless our tactics are on point.
De Ligt is 19 though and performed extremely well at the highest level in the CL, Maguire is 26
Yeah, De Ligt is a bigger risk because he is young. We've seen a lot of young talent fall flat in the long run. Maguire is probably the best English CB and has been good for a little bit longer. Just playing devil's advocate here.
Van Dijk\nLaporte\nVertonghen\nAlderweireld\nMatip\nSoyuncu \nEvans\nRudiger\nSchar\n\nAll performed better than Maguire over the last 1 or 2 seasons and not one was more expensive \n\nThis isn\u2019t even including players like Tarkowski, Stones, Ake, Coady etc who you could certainly argue have performed better and more consistently over the past year and didn\u2019t cost 80m
Your argument fell apart at so many players - \n\nvertonghen is like 33, \nVan dijk, Laporte, matip, none of them ever leaving where they are\nSoyuncu couldn't get into the team ahead of Maguire last season so don't sprout shit\nRudiger is dogshit, as is all Chelsea's defence\nTarkowski is not better than Harry, he'd be starting for England if he was\nStones is a lovely footballer... Who can't defend. At all. \nAke is only ever going back to Chelsea\n\nI mean, your revisionism and blinding ignorance of the facts around the availability of other players is astonishing.
Looks like it.
With a proper number 10 he won't need to drop that deep to start the play in the final third. He could focus more on being the deadly finisher we know he is if he knew he would get served by a player like Maddison.
Exactly.
Nope, they don't, you're merely making assumptions about my opinions here. You don't need to do that to try and win a debate.
Well it's certainly not the glasses of a supporter. Go and support city you plastic bag
We're also 4 points ahead of 12th place Burnley and only 6 ahead of 15th place West Ham, the team we drew against today are sat 16th only 7 points behind us playing with only 1 midfielder, the other top teams around us are a Chelsea with Lampard who is in his 2nd year of the job and Arsenal and Spurs who have sacked their underperforming manager whilst we have not.\n\nWe are not in this position because of a rebuilding phase, Ole simply is not a good manager.
Not much, Paul. But try to be a midfielder and imagine the danger Fred & Scott feel everytime they go forward because if they lose the ball, the opposition would face a snowflake like Lindelof. Teams used to be afraid to attack us because we had Rio & Vidic. Now they are just happy to take their chances.
James worked his tail off all day just need to work on finishing a bit
Not when every one of his crosses is poor
Nope..martial was non existent every time dan james crossed
Which doesn't justify James starting when he's shit
He's our only RW and is still a decent pick for upper tier teams
True, but should they have gotten a goal it would have \u201cknocked the players emotionally\u201d, just like today, and then they can\u2019t pick themselves up and improve.
You're saying Mou was incompetent?\n\nPlease don't joke here.
The guy who spent 300m and then said that Everton was his rival? I guess losing against Derby wasn't his fault, right? Football heritage innit.
It took years of stable team building with a proper organization behind it, in order to reach the level that City and Liverpool are at now. It\u2019s incredibly difficult to do that if we keep firing managers without a solid long term plan in place.
There were plenty of times the play could have been developed... I don't mind a random shot if that's the only thing that's on. Rarely the case though.
Never said you were. I just said some brigades are guilt of such reasoning all the time.
You are disregarding the inflation in the market. Longstaff was apparantly valued at 50m and Scott is definitely a better player than longstaff. I actually think 175m is a bit low especially with the fee Rashford could command given his age and ability. I do agree with your comment on Everton though.\n\nI'd value Scott around 50m, Rashford probably around 90-100 and Greenwood approaching 50 as well given his ability,  potential and the homegrown in the uk status. Not including sell on percentages obviously.
You're looking at the market wrong because players moving to bigger clubs tend to be valued higher than players leaving big clubs, especially young players yet to fulfill their potential. United laughed off the Longstaff evaluation. You're only worth what a club is willing to part with. I don't see any realistic suitors for McTominay among the big clubs
How would McTominay not improve Arsenal and Spurs?
 Perhaps McTominay would give Arsenal a little grit but that's it, everything else he offers is comfortably covered by both clubs. They can spend 50M more wisely. Arsenal are currently misfiring but they are still  a passing team with technically adept midfielders.\n\n McTominay wouldn't be a good fit for them. Gendouzi is a much better passer and is developing well overall as a box to box CM despite Arsenal's current struggles. He's only 20. Then you have the 23 year old (same age as McTominay) but currently injured Dani Ceballos who is comfortable as their deep lying ochestrator, more Carrick than McTominay. Xhaka and Torreria are also good on the ball. \n\nSpurs isn't even a question. They are stacked in midfield! Who would McTominay displace from Spurs midfield? Ndombele? Lo Celso? Dier?  Winks? Sissoko? He'd ride the bench there at 50M
What the fuck.  You really are stupid
For accepting your view?\nI guess, lol.
Not sure then, since you mentioned it.
Xp is never 1 on a single shot.  There are no clear cut chances
Im assuming you meant xG.  And IMO there are such things as clear cut chances.  We just didn\u2019t have any today.  Unfortunately.
This is true. Can't think of one big chance where I was shocked didn't score.\nMaybe the lingard chance. Aside that. Nothing else was as close.
No bother. Yeah, I had a good feeling about it, normally I'd only punt 10/20 quid but I saw those odds and my eyes lit up. Found the stats site and noticed 7 tackles - had to figure out how to filter for the shots OT .. thought I had won for a few mins :(\n\nI  knew he hit at least 3 on target, pretty sure 2 were from free kicks and i knew he had another.. was just hoping for a 4th. Would have made a good festive period but life goes on! Spent 400 quid today on baby car seat and cot, would have been nice to recover some of that dough! :P
Congrats on the new baby (I presume) \n\nTry to hit Rashford up on IG and make him take more shots next time lol
Mate pick a side, pick a point and stick to it.
My point is very clear. I'm sorry you can't seem to comprehend something so basic.
nein
?
It wasn't a proper 442
I know mate I just think it's worth a try considering Lingard doesn't have the footballing talent or intelligence to break down deep block teams. Might as well play a hungry lad who just scored 2 goals in his place instead.
There\u2019s a reason why he moved on from 4-4-2. Football moves on.
Not a coincedence we haven't been winning the league since switching from that formation
You\u2019re kidding right? We\u2019re not creating plenty of chances but we are taking many shots. A chance is not the equivalent to a shot. You could shoot all you want from distance or under pressure but if the shot goes sailing or straight at the keeper it\u2019s not a chance because the effort has no CHANCE of going in (there is the odd keeper mistake but that\u2019s why when that happens it\u2019s often said the chance came from nothing).\n\nIt\u2019s the manager\u2019s job to adjust his tactics so that his team could create better goal scoring opportunities to maximize their chances of winning. So the tactics are not working because 11 points in 11 games against teams outside of the top 6 (and Arsenal)  is unacceptable.\n\nEdit: That being said. The players are not entirely absolved either. Though we may not have created the best chances, you\u2019re right, 24 shots should be enough for a couple goals. Mason Greenwood\u2019s proof of that and the others really need to work on their finishing.
But at what point does this become the players fault?!They\u2019ve looked just as toothless under 4 managers! I\u2019m not saying Ole is the second coming of Fergie, but I do think the issues are less his fault than the blame we\u2019re assigning him.
These are not all the same players.  Would you take 1 Everton player in our team? It's not either/or. Klopp and Pep have elite players and elite coaching. What is striking for us is the lack of off the ball movement and team cohesion. We cannot keep the ball. City and Liverpool are constantly scoring the same goals over and over again. This is due to coaching. The teams are both set up to get the most out of the players while also the players they have fit the system the managers prefer. These games can always happen. We do not expect to win every game. But this not a one off issue. It's a pattern and it's not being addressed.
January signings needed. Fingers crossed
Everton lost 9 games already this season. Think it's fair to say that it's in fact possible to get spaces against them.
And they've lost 0 since their new manager came in. They're quite clearly not playing the same since they got rid of the old manager
I\u2019m responding to that thread that\u2019s why I\u2019m mentioning Ashley young
I guess I couldn't communicate my thoughts better. \n\nWhen I said lack of urgency, I meant quick interplay. Too many times, we let their defence settle while passing the ball within our own half in the last 15 minutes. We had some crosses from the right, but nobody in the box to attempt and attack the ball. Everyone expects the ball at their feet without making attacking runs. \n\nThat's the urgency I was referring to.
Yeah I guess I can agree with that :) still I don't think we were terrible, certainly not as bad as we were earlier in the season.
Plus the fact hes clearly far better defensively
No he wasnt, he was our best player
Fred was a one man midfield out there IMO but ultimately both of them didn't hurt Everton one bit despite seeing a lot of the ball
Exactly
hey dummy, can you explain what happened against one of the worst sides in pl history with your infinite football wisdom? or are you still replying every comment \"gO bAck tO twiTTer\" and jerking off to first 15 mins of city game?
\ud83d\udc4d
Yeah we are one dimensional. We can only play against attacking teams
How have you come to the conclusion that I think we should sign those players? Obviously we aren\u2019t going to sign Laporte and Van Dijk I\u2019m not an idiot. I\u2019m saying that they\u2019re all better than the centre back we bought for 80m, and cost less for their current teams. If you think Maguire has shown himself to be worthy of being the most expensive defender of all time, when he barely scrapes into the top 10 premier league centre backs, nevermind worldwide, you\u2019re fooling yourself.
I won't do what you want me to and i'll continue criticizing our inept manager where I see fit. Sue me
And do you think a different manager with these exact players would do any better? Is it Ole's fault lingard missed from the penalty spot in the opening minutes?
...because none of James crosses are accurate.
Your opinion mate..I feel if our fowards were more proactive then maybe we could have fashioned chances
Mason Greenwood is better. James isnt a decent pick at all
Better finisher
Scotty is definetly better than both Xhaka and Guendouzi( i know he has potential) Hes also better than all the spirs players you said so far this season. Comparing Ceballos and Scott is like comparing Kante and Silva. Theyre completely different players
Xhaka is in his peak years, has more experience and is an all round better player than Mctominay is right now. Ceballos is a versatile central midfielder who has comfortably played as a deep lying playmaker, a CDM and CAM, the comparison is appropriate. McTominay is not a DM, his best role is considered box to box and he started his youth career as a number 10 and ended it as a striker.\n\nWithout any context simply saying McTominay has been better than Spurs midfielders this season simply isn't true and comes off as sweeping statement. Both teams have struggled this season but those Spurs players are more experienced, all internationals with currently higher profiles. This is McTominays first full season as a starting member of the squad. United have been inconsistent in a wrote off of a season so there's not much to shout about our midfield which is our weakest department
Cheers mate, yeah it will be our first - due 23rd April.\n\nAlong with a pic of Ole \"Any fucking chance, anyone want to shoot?\"
Sorry for being short earlier, match emotions got me. Greenwood is still a little way off imo
No probs mate, apologies if I hit a nerve or two. I'm just pissed off seeing someone so unproductive like Lingard starting games.
What are you on about? Ferguson rarely played 4-4-2 in the 00s
Played 4-4-2 in 2007/08 with Tevez, Ronaldo, Rooney & Nani switching places every time?
Played 4-4-2 in 2008/09 with Berba?
2010/11 Chicha & Wazza up front
They are still not a good team and with the right team selection we would have won
They're in the start of a new manager bounce though, the same thing we enjoyed as soon as OGS came in, they were always gonna be mad up for it, that's why they easily beat Chelsea last time. They don't have awful players, they're gonna be running on adrenaline for a few weeks until the bubble bursts. Not saying they're invulnerable, but it was never gonna be a white-wash like their position indicates
Are you mad? Fred cut open everyone defense bare times..
Write that again but in English this time please. Im just joking, I get what you're trying to convey. I thought he had a good game
No he didnt. Maybe you are confusing him with Mctominay
That's an overly simplistic and one sided view to take. United struggle against teams that grant us possession, its not just that last game. We only play one way effectively, counter attacking
Yes but I feel like the tactics work. I mean we had 24 shots against Everton. Also you cant create a tactic to break a low block, you just have to have players that are delicate enough eith the ball to play through it and right now the players in our passing positions arent good enough. This is something we have known for a while. Changing the manager wont change that problem. And I'm not even against kicking Ole out of the job, but after we get the squad built a little bit
James is a forward who hasn't scored since August
How is james's scoring record related to this?\n\nAnd with that username mate.....
Better player full stop.
James has better crossing, passing, movement, defensive output, decision making and creativity
Lo Celso, Eriksen, Ndombele and Sissoko has been shit this season. Alli improved when Mou was hired. Scotty is a Box to Box not a CAM or CDM like Ceballos. Xhaka is just a guaranteed yellow card every game.
You're all over the place here. So you're telling me I cant compare a versatile CM to a b2b player but you then go ahead and mention players like Lo Ceslo, Eriksen and Alli in comparison to McTominay? All attacking mids. Right!!
Secondly, are you saying Mctominay is a better footballer than all these players or are you merely saying he's been in better form this season in your opinion?
I\u2019m sorry you didn\u2019t understand English
Excuse me? I was trying to be polite about your broken english. The least you could do is show a modicum of appreciation haha. Also, it should be 'im sorry you DON'T understand English, not 'didn't
Watch the pass to Awb
With that username what? I haven't expressed any opinions on Lingard in this thread\n\nJames isn't producing enough to warrant starting. Greenwood is
Greenwood is a 18 year old..I think ole is doing fine integrating him like that
James crossing is awful, his passing is definitely worse than Greenwoods, movement is much worse, defensive output is nowt special, poor decision making and not a good creator. Greenwood is better in all departments and has the same amount of goal contributions in half the time James has played. There is literally no reason to start James when we have Greenwood, especially considering how bad James is playing.\n\nImagine the uproar is Rashford hadn't scored since August
You were the one mentioning theese players. Im sorry if i have a problem with writing the right stuff, English isnt my first language.
Lo Ceslo sure, but I didnt mention Eriksen and Alli. Lo Ceslo can also play as a regular CM thats why I mentioned him whereas Eriksen and Alli are strictly CAMs
He is better than a few of them, but some are just in bad form this season.
Which ones specifically is he better than?
Cool. He's the best option on the right so he should be starting
I should probably not have brought up Alli and Erkisen.
Xhaka, Torreira and Winks.
As per usual
Something that has been happening at the club for a long time as well. Shows the weak mentality in all areas of the club
Once Mata came on we didn\u2019t really have possession to pass the ball to anyone
Mata himself passed the ball behind Rashford when we were in the box and had a decent chance lol
I got downvoted calling for Andreas to come on. His energy could\u2019ve been useful.
That was a sick pass by Fred to AWB though. A little composure and we could\u2019ve created something out of it. Shame he just aimlessly kicked it.
No, its because the team for some reason wanted to pass Rashford and inshallah instead of playing like a team and using all of our assets
You know, I thought Maguire was supposed to be this heading monster but not once has he gotten any good contact with a floated ball.
The most irritating part is that he does not even attack our set pieces, instead grappling with the CB who is marking him.\n\nMeanwhile it seems Smalling is scoring for fun in Serie A.
[removed]
> You have to be extremely thick\n\nNo need for that.  Attack the _argument_, not the _person_.
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah definitely all that stuff you said, except for the fact he has literally said we need to get better at defending corners
He has also literally said we need to stop dropping points to mid table sides and here we are.\n\nPlatitudes are meaningless without action, and our set piece strategy shows no signs of change.
We've scored 2 set piece goals vs Villa 3 weeks ago.
We conceded a shitty set piece goal the same game, and dropped 2 points against a promoted side at home.\n\nNot a great example to bring up.
Reminding Woodward and co. we still need those signings they have been so meticulously planning
Out squad is alot better than all these teams we keep dropping points to..\n\nEverton were missing some of their best players too.
Wow, yeah lol
And we basically waste ours, whenever we win a corner I know we are not gonna score, we basically hand it back to the opponent
Just wait till next week.
2 steps forward 2 steps back?
And they play Chelsea, and one of them will drop points.
I hate having low expectations, but I made a post going into this season that I fully expect 6th place with some disappointing results. I do hope Ole stays through next season though as I think not being able to beat the low block comes down to a player issue right now and not having much technicality in the team.
season wise, we have definitely taken a step back...\n\nmou got 26 points in 17 games before getting the sack last season. \n\nThis season we got 25 in 17.
The fact that we are 4-5 players short of becoming a formidable team is pretty obvious. Creative midfielders, another striker, more options off the bench. Relax for once and stop being so negative. As far as I'm concerned we conceded a rubbish goal. Other than that Everton didn't create Jack shit. Pogba was a big big BIG miss in this game.
Pogba was needed so much in this game. Almost every game that isnt top 6 in all honesty. As a side note, I love Daniel James, but sometimes I dont think he is that effective against the low block. He can beat people on the dribble but he needs space to do it. Doesnt quite have the technicality to disorganize a low block.
We were always going to struggle this season, most fans knew that going into it. I dont think people were expecting a correlation of playing worse against bad teams, but I think we have progressed as a club. This team is very, very young which means very, very inconsistent. Expect more consistency with our front line in 20-21, Fred and Scott, and if we can bring in 3 good signings, we will be a top 4 squad.
Him and Martial have been practicing that shot it seems
Martial or James
Which one. I'm not saying Greenwood doesn't deserves to start, I just wanted to know which one do others think he should replace.
Martial, let Greenwood play down the middle where he's most comfortable.
Would something terrible happen if we play him as cam instead of Lingard?
I'd put him instead of Martial personally. The best thing about Greenwood, apart from his finishing, is his movement as a striker. That would be wasted as a 10 imo. Would rather have Rashford as a 10, DJ on the left and Greenwood on the right if Martial plays up front.
Christ
Jesus
How would it improve if we cant pass? Who's going to create these chances for Haaland who's a poacher? A number 10 should be first on the list before we even think about a striker
It's a whole lot easier to finish top 4 of you're there in the first place
No its not. Anything can derail a top 4 team. Maintaining top of  4 requires wins. An injury crises like United had hitting a team in top 4 surely derails that plan
Better to be on the safe side and get as many points as possible before injuries and complacency set in. We were saying the exact same thing last season that it was unreasonable to get top 4 when Ole just got hired and started wining but when the chance came we blew it. We should not repeat the same mistakes every year.
For the time being I'll take that, considering he contributes so much to our defence. We'd be lost without him.
This dude is an A+ in defence and a rotten D in attack. And the funniest thing is I read that he was a winger in his younger days.\n\nHis defending is absolutely world class though.
His crosses toward the end were pitiful
that won't do a lot without an actual striker. Martial is clueless on the center lol, he has 0 movement. He wants the ball at his feet and to beat his man, that's just not possible.\n\nI really don't understand why he wants so much to play centrally when his entire skillset is based on playing on the wing
Don't know why you getting downvoted. He's our main forward and he plays like 38 years old
Our best contender was AWB, I think holgate could have been a shout. No one really stood out though. I guess Mina did well too and his positioning was pretty spot on.
Yup, Mina and Holgate were the exact same players that came my mind when I thought who was their standout players.
Think Davies was good for them all game, AWB was our best player.
Shaw had a good game, so did James and Greenwood.
Greenwood didn't played the entire game and Shaw didn't really had that good of a performance. James could have been one. But the perspective that United didn't got the Win which we were expected to get, makes it look like that someone Everton really had a blast of game.
Shaw? He was fairly average today.
Shaw was poor
It's actually gotten a bit better the last few weeks, they really messed up again today.
I've said this from the start, I'm sure the reason they keep fucking it up is because they would rather scrap it.
This is something I\u2019ve always said. A fully working VAR removes the discussion and debate of football from the pubs, newspapers, and forums which the FA obviously don\u2019t want. But the fans wanted VAR because of the bad/wrong decisions costing  games.\n\nThere\u2019s no way it can be this shambolic, and not on purpose. Rugby, cricket, tennis and loads of other sports all have it with no issues. So why is the biggest funded sport in the world (I\u2019m assuming) getting it so wrong??
Thank you!
thank God we're building a culture though
Progress.
yay
What about their best player, Gomes?. I guess he doesn't count. Plus Digne went off early in the game.
Homes didn't play much before he got injured. I agree on Digne though. Wan-Bissaka cant whip a decent cross. Such a shame.
I agree but the amount of comments on here about it being on Lindelof is insane.
Ever since that Palace game there's been alot of Lindelof hate. Sure his performances overall haven't been up to his standard last season, but the fact that people still want Axel to start over him now is baffling. Out of the few games he's played, he's looked okay ish in some and then gave away a goal vs arsenal and wasn't great on Thursday.
I think all these games against mid/lower table teams cement the fact that we need a striker. If martial gets frustrated early on in the game he gives up.
My god, yes. If there's anyone in desperate need of direct competition for his position (and a kick up the ass), it's him.
He's just too inconsistent.  The greatest ability is reliability, and unfortunately Martial is anything but. Between his injuries and his on the field product he's not that. He's someone that should not relied upon as a main striker.
Nah he played his ass off when he was competing with Rashy for that LW spot during Mou's second season. I think he'll do better if there's competition for his spot.
Did you see him against City, he played perfectly as a 9.
It's taken you this long to realise that? Been that way for years.
I have known it for a ling time, just hoped thyhe will put more in the game, not just arms waving and looking frustrated and slow.
He's just inconsistent lol, i don't think he intentionally chooses to play poorly.
If he could actually make some decent runs and have better movement off the ball, it would help
Hard to pass to him when he is always handled by a defender. He needs to move better.
Rashford was contesting far more at least in the air, martial was poor and it totally disrupted our front 4 today
Martial was hardly the issue. Rash and James were far more wasteful
Nan i meant as compared to calvet vs linderloff... Both did not do enough...
Embarrassing take
That\u2019s because City weren\u2019t up to it as much as Everton were today. We should be beating them but they\u2019re on a comeback bounce and clearly love Duncan Ferguson so they fought very hard today. Let\u2019s not forget they beat Chelsea last week too (who we\u2019re chasing) so it\u2019s obvious they\u2019re on an upward trajectory. I\u2019m disappointed we drew but it\u2019s not the end of the world.
It's hard to say who gets the MOTM in a performance like this. But it's expected to happen when we don't have a good creative CAM. The reason why I mentioned Greenwood as MOTM was because he is the only reason we had draw today otherwise we had definitely lost it.
You mean shooting at every opportunity outside of the box isn't creative?
Scott was particularly poor with this today.
Honestly, today was much better than some of the past performances. They didn't have a single proper chance all game, and we did manage to create some chances. There could have been several more chances if our crosses had been on point.
We created chances? It was just long range shots and one went in. I can't think of a single clear cut chance we created today. We were dreadful.
We cant cross to save our lives. It's a joke really
Unpopular opinion: we can\u2019t attack a cross rather than can\u2019t cross.
Our finishing is shite and has been for years. It's why Greenwood may be important. We haven't had a stone cold number 9 in a while.
Mou was pretty good at it his first two seasons though
Yep, unfortunately Lingard doesnt quite have that next level dribbling ability to help beat a low block and Mata is just too slow, lacks stamina,  and not strong enough to make any real impact.
I feel like Lingard offers something Pogba doesn't in his high press and energy but for these games where we've more possession, would much rather have Pogba. Lingard will stick around as a utility man
This begs the question, though, are players not following directions? Obviously losing possession because of poor technique has little to do with coaching, but if Martial and Lingard are consistently poor in movement and clueless in possession, shouldn\u2019t ole and the rest of the coaches be working on this? And if they are, then where\u2019s the disconnect? Bad instructions or players not following them?
We don't  know how to create good chances man,what are you on about.
Every manager for the past 5+ years have struggled in these types of games for us
Ngl, Ole has shown improvement in games like these too.
How? The set up was perfect. Martial and rashford really missed a lot of chances.
I disagree. Our chances were from individual brilliance, not from tactical nous. \n\nWhen Everton wanted to come into the game they could. We had no way of shutting them out and controlling the game, despite their handicap. If it weren\u2019t for AWB we\u2019d have been screwed.
What chances? I can think of one that Rashford missed at the start, don't recall Martial getting a single chance.
Our xG was fewer than 1.5; we didn't create enough yet again.
All teams attack after going behind.
We didn't use to.
Would need Ed to get 11 players and 2 more managers for that. Need manager depth to rest Ole against the shit teams.
Get a 3rd and 4th for the cup games \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
In this case a pretty clear foul imo
Lol facts. wonder why you're getting down voted for this
They can't handle the facts, lets just lie to ourselves and be positive no matter what
I have no idea why he did that. The only reason I can think of is that he wanted to waste time by subbing players, but did not want to change his shape or something. But a dumb decision regardless.
The big guy that came on bullied us.
Maguire was solid though. Didn't put a foot wrong all game, decent in possession. Goal was nothing to do with him and he didn't even give away any fouls.
Ye but I have higher expectations from him so I judge him a bit harsher. He still doesnt seem fully settled
Shaw was decent imo.
Don't know why so many have disagreed with you. He really isn't that great of a defender. He's weak in the air which means he's a liability defending crosses and corners and he cannot contribute much when we get corners.\n\nHis passing is pretty average as well.\n\nHe had a good end to last season if I recall which is the only good run of form he has had with us so far.
50 million
Lmao. 20 - 30 max.
I doubt it. Which club would pay that honestly?
I think considering that the last couple games were positive - Having a bad result and suddenly everyone is up in arms again. I certainly think people need to adjust their expectations - United are going to keep slipping up. Just hopefully less and less as the season goes on. I do believe something is getting built here.\n\nHowever this is how football works - Everyone is over the moon when there's a win, and distraught when there's a loss. Gotta take the downs with the ups or neither are worth it.
I agree 100%, the negativity has been warranted occasionally from piss poor results (like west ham L) but we have definitely improved since beating Chelsea in the Carabao and it\u2019s noticeable that the club/players/Ole are more confident. Like you said we just got 6/6 points from 2 QUALITY sides. Average start to the season but hey not all seasons are about winning - this ones about growing
Filthy casuals, lol. People with short memories and even shorter attention spans.
Not for me. I feel like the future is as bright as it's been post-Fergie. \n\nNot saying Ole is the right man or the wrong man, but we have the most solid back 4 as we've had since Rio and Vidic. Fred is finding form, Greenwood is sensational.\n\nWe definitely need reinforcements especially in midfield, but for me, saying we're moving backwards is a bit melodramatic.
Jesus Christ that is selective bollocks. \n 150m on 3 players which all start.\n\nAmong other duds Mou made the worst signing in EPL history.\n\nFeel free to buggar off and support Tottenham
You've just made the case for having more points. 150m on three starters vs the worst signing in PL history = fewer points, similar clean sheets and fewer goals. \nI think it's a decent debate when you consider the opposition around United have got worse.
Those people are idiots.
Martial can't complain if we sign Haaland in January and he has to fight for his place again. So lackadaisical, he has far too many games like this where he's just coasting through for my liking.
He should be rotated with Rashford on the left. That\u2019s where he\u2019s at his best.
this is what's so great about Rashford, when he's off he's still a nuisance to the defenders while with Martial it's like playing with 10 men
Very true
If there\u2019s no one making runs and there\u2019s a lack of movement, what more can your wide forward do but go for Hail Mary shots? He wasn\u2019t great today but he wasn\u2019t terrible either.
Fair, I think having martial next to him maybe made rashford look worse but god I can understand why Ole wants halaand so much now, Martial hasn\u2019t showed up like I thought he would this season
You know, I think you might be right about martial impacting Rashford. Early on, most of us bought into the idea that the two would interchange and that the fluidity would be an asset, but we\u2019ve stopped doing that, and Martial\u2019s lack of movement up front often restricts Rashford\u2019s options, leaving him to do too much all on his own
If you have seen him playing this season you wouldn't be saying that.
He's a great player, but to say he deserves the shortlist on the back of a performance against Arsenal beggars belief!
Fair point, but just don\u2019t think we can rely on martial to stay fit. Wonder where mason will eventually end up playing, he\u2019s done amazing on the right side and even did pretty well against spurs when starting up front. Looked fairly comfortable playing with his back to goal and was involved in some decent linkup/ hold up play. \n\nWas just rewatching his youth highlights, he can finish from the left, middle, and right so think it\u2019s really up to where ole wants him. I\u2019m so excited to see how he ends up, can probably still grow some more as well like rashford did. Think rashy was like 5\u20199-\u201810 when he scored his first goal for us
He looks fairly comfortable on the ball. I like that. Though I think we should still get an experienced striker. I would not be too disappointed if we didn't get Haaland as long as someone comes in.
I don't see him doing anything useful the majority of the time. His mistakes are also really visible.
I like him but he just inst not good enough
Was very visible against city in the first half working between the lines.
The only reason he is starting is because our options are him/Mata/Andreas.
Well Mata is slow but has the experience but he is still a good player. Andreas I am not a fan of at all. All I\u2019m saying he just needs to find his way again.
It does matter because unless we secure CL football, without pogba, who would come to us?
Holy shit someone get Ole on the phone, we\u2019ve solved it
What does that even mean. He is good enough, start him.
I think the team requires better footballers before that will happen, honestly. But I understand if you don't agree. I think it's about how you view the job of football coach.
Daniel James was always going to have limitations especially in the first season. He was never supposed to be this important to us, so I'll give him a pass. Shaw was decent but he still doesn't make those forward passes or runs after his injury. Pretty solid defensively. Both our fullbacks actually. Attacking fullbacks and a 10 are key to breaking down a team who gives us possession. We lack both.
Damn, i thought i edited it before people could see. I meant martial. Rashford is one of the most hardworking players in the team
He said Rashford\u2019s decision making
He wrote Martial bro
Oh lol, my bad! Then yeah, I agree with pretty much everything
United didn't look that bad against City nor Liverpool under Jose at the end there.\nLooked like what they were...a team without Pogba and shit strikers.
I'd keep fred tbh. His passing and defensive workrate is good. We just need to pair him with pogba and a decent DM.
He has his uses, just don't think he will ever be great.
fred was great today man. if he can play similar to this every game he is good enough to start.
Honestly can't remember the last time we scored from a corner.
Think McTominay vs Wolves was technically from a corner, but the last headed one I remember was Phil Jones in pre-season against Leeds.
At this point, I would just take not conceding from them. Really miss Smalling in corners.
Lindelof today
Ole indeed takes some of the blame but I'm sick of players getting away with it. The tactical side absolutely, but if some of these players really need to be motivated for games then I don't know what to say. We could've close the gap to top 4, they shouldn't need much motivation.
It\u2019s why Fergie was so immense, he got the absolute maximum out of his teams more often than not.  Ole doesn\u2019t have that charisma/presence it seems, on top of his tactical deficiencies.  \n\nAlthough if anyone can motivate guys like Martial I don\u2019t know.  The guy plays like he hates football it\u2019s just the thing he\u2019s best at.
Why? I'm not saying ole is the same level as klopp, I'm not even saying he's going to take us all the way but that's an example of a club that gave someone time when they needed it.
I have no idea why people compare Ole to klopp like he didn't win the Bundesliga twice against a great bayern and went to a champions league final. There is NO comparison between them to be made
I am 91.88563% sure that Thevanillafalcon is not a bot.\n\n---\n\n^(I am a neural network being trained to detect spammers | Summon me with !isbot <username> |) ^(/r/spambotdetector |) [^(Optout)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=whynotcollegeboard&subject=!optout&message=!optout) ^(|) [^(Original Github)](https://github.com/SM-Wistful/BotDetection-Algorithm)
What about this makes you think I'm a bot you lemon
Your post just looks like a patchwork of all the same old pro Ole points and buzzwords lol, something a bot could put together.
We have a clear counterattacking style of play but struggle to break down teams who sit behind the ball because we lack creativity, an issue we can resolve in the transfer market. Just because some aspects of it aren't working doesn't mean we don't have a style of play. I've also explained the klopp comparison, not comparing them as managers but as situations, if you know of a top 6 club that needed time to rebuild and gave their manager time to do so  to make a different comparison with then use that one.
Counter attacking style does not work as a primary tactic when you are man utd. This is Oles second season. Klopp reached two finals and finished 8th in his first season and finished 4th in his second season.
Not saying he does mate but for where we are in the table at the moment it's not exactly unexpected with the squad we have. If the results were worse then he should get sacked but it's not exactly apocalyptic at the moment so we should see where it goes, especially with the back room changes he seems to be making. At the very least he'll lay the foundation for someone else but that foundation needs to be made
Again I'm not comparing the two of them directly. I'd counter that with everyones rep comes from somewhere, poch for example wasn't tearing the league up at espanyol
Well Poch is a good manager but is not a winner for now. But he can a least build a good team. I don't really know if we would win if we got Poch but I trust him more than Ole. \n\nBut Ole is our manager. We have to stick with him to the bitter end because he is not the one ruining our club.
>We didn\u2019t have any chances. \n\nOh dear.  I think you watched the wrong game
Maybe,  but can you give some examples.  I remember James\u2019 effort from the right.  Which was difficult. Otherwise,  there wasn\u2019t much from what I can remember.
Rashford James and Lingard all put chances wide that could have been goals were they more composed in directing their efforts.\nThey were tricky angles granted but they\u2019re the kind of finishes you see top class forwards netting.
Lingard\u2019s chance was a difficult one.  Hard to get that on goal most times regardless of who you are.
> How many times do you see Lindelof and Maguire just pass it between themselves aimlessly with no passing options?\n\n\nThere was one point early in the match Lindelof had the ball for like 10 seconds waiting for someone to make a run in the midfield and he ends up passing to Maguire as he\u2019s waving his arms at the midfielders to do something. Comical, but very sad at the same time.
They basically had to find the attackers themselves in the first half with their long balls.
We usually have lots of the ball in games like this. Making something out of those huge spells of possession is the real issue. If we get a good DM paired with Fred to give him a bit of freedom to go forward and take more risks and also get a good AM. That would be more ideal.\nOr we could just go 433.
At the moment we don't really have any player who can play those kind of dangerous passes. Which is why runs are barely made I think
>Also, i think a striker that could play with his back against the net would also do wonders. Marcus or Martial are just not that. Also martial lacks the off the ball movement, he is very static, which is why I also don;t think a creative 10 solves all of your problems. He also needs to have who to pass to :)\n\n\nTrue. Zlatan was great at that. Made it so easy for pogba to find him every time. Lol obviously he was old so his finishing wasn't as good.he still managed to bag about 28 goals regardless
Greenwood came on for Lingard didn\u2019t he?
Agreed he's been awful for them so far. I think there might be some weight behind Souness comments earlier in the season, it looks like Everton have been taken to the cleaners.
Martial, if anyone.
I\u2019m not sure Greenwood (young, still developing) is ready to replace a season professional who is also a very good finisher when given the chance to get on the ball
Maybe move to a 4-4-2? \n\nJames - Rashford - Martial - Greenwood\nOR\nRashford - Martial - Greenwood - James \n\nEither way replace Lingard.
Not a lot of balance playing with 4 out and out attackers. Lingard might not be the perfect player for a 10, but his pressing and defensive work rate makes him 1/2 midfield and 1/2 attacker which I think significantly helps out our midfield two. Where as if he comes off the field then I think they get super isolated and the game becomes pass out wide to a winger and hope they can dribble, cut in, and find a way to shoot
While I understand that, he makes a difference every time he comes on. In my opinion he\u2019s one of the best 11 we can put out there
Mason isn't a 10 though? Unless you want to change formations.
He literally replaced Lingard.
Fair play to ya mate :) \nWe go again!
Even with Lingard\u2019s shocker of a performance. This game would have ended 1-0 to us, all else equal. Sure we should have buried this game in the first half, but the only reason we lost was due to that one error at the back.
F*cking VAR
I don't expect us to win all 3, not even close.\n\nWe will best Arsenal though.
[deleted]
Won some free kicks hahaha\n\nI agree Lingard was bad, so was Martial. Just hate the way this sub just goes in on specific players
Because the other option is perreria who is even worse
Greenwood is there
Yes. We don\u2019t have the personnel to win these types of games. If we can keep a leash on top 4 until jan and then get a good am I\u2019m confident we will end the season in top 4
your a funny one aren't ya
I meant directly from the corner where the kicker beats the opposition defenders then our player heads the ball in. I remember Fred whipping the ball in for Lindelof but not directly from the corner kick itself.
Maybe support another club then
[removed]
Thqt would leave zero creativity
Our AMs offer nothing either.
Cause Lingard gives us so much creativity
I\u2019d like to see Rashford, Martial, Greenwood. Bring James on final 20 min once gunman Mason has us a few-nil up.
Both are inconsistent currently so it's a tough choice
But what is your choice?
Yeah bruv honestly it\u2019s pissing off. The support was class tho
No, that would be vroom vroom James relegated to the bench and coming on against tired legs
Which players have the largest cult followings at united? McTominay and James make Martial FC look like amateurs in comparison.
no, but Mason already has more goals than Martial, granted most were in the Europa and Martial has gone thru a lengthy injury. But Martial only had 1 touch inside the box today, and it wasn't a goal. That output is not acceptable, if he's our number 9, he must do more than that.
Because he's having to do the job of our CAM and our ST. Rewatch the game, Martial having to drop deep and progress the ball though the channels because Lingard was inept. Not saying he's a class striker but without chances for him to convert
Why not? Vardy basically is. Is this an unrealistic expectation of a striker at the biggest club in the world?
We were well in control of the midfield and have enough quality in most of the positions to not lose to such teams except a creative player who would be pivotal in picking up wins in such games. We need a creative player. That's the issue been stressed on by many fans and rightly so.
A front two of Haaland and Greenwood/Martial would be amazing. Haaland with the strength and skill to lay it off to Martial or Greenwood and then Greenwood/Martial with their finishing tucking chances away every game.
Martial? Honestly?
Yeah, I know how you feel mate. I go through peaks of winning then not getting shit for ages. I won my last 2 bets, about 300 quid profit. I'm careful with how much I spend/gain/lose. At the end of the day the house always wins!
6 shots, 3 on target.
Nice, not a bad christmas present
Excellent distribution too
That's something we'll address over the summer.. we definitely won't sell him this transfer market
Taking a shot is playing basketball? Where was pogba running and cuting on that bad ankle ? You can have a torn acl and take a shot. Can we stop pushing nonsensical narratives.
I find it highly unlike he took one shot while playing basketball with friends lol
Shooting a hoop and playing football for 90 mins isn\u2019t the same tho
Yes but Woodward will waste time faffing about trying to get him for 16 million and then be complaining again that transfers are difficult.
Atletico might sell Saul. That would likely be a summer transfer if at all.\n\nIf Pogba decides to leave I hope we have his replacement beforehand so we don\u2019t get ripped off because of the transfer money coming in
Honestly I don't watch enough outside the Premier League to have a good answer as to who would be a good signing. But I don't think a signing would necessarily have to be a world class player. I'd be happy with Eriksen.
I really rate Eriksen, if he hadn't dropped off since his transfer rumours I think we'd be calling him world class. I'd be over the moon getting him in January but I also really think we need a striker that can offer something different, is Haaland. \n\nWhere would you slot Eriksen in? Say we keep Pogba... What do we do? McTominay, Eriksen, Pogba? Eriksen for Lingard, Pogba for Fred?
Simple as that. The work could have been even easier now considering the teams we have had to face to take advantage of top 4. Sheffield United, Aston Villa and now Everton. Not good enough.
Yeah our forwards limitations are exposed when a team is compact, I like James and I know he got the assist but in games like this he is much less effective than against the big teams because we don\u2019t counter as much because we have most of the possession, he\u2019d be much better being a sub in games like this-running at tired legs but we don\u2019t have anyone else to play rw.
I would agree about January for sure. I suppose maybe the way i see this team at the moment is that we only have 7/10ths of where our squad should be and considering that, we are performing well. When i say \u201cshowing good promise\u201d i mean the way we play looks good but we just need a bit more quality to finish better
Negative really?  We lost points because we can\u2019t deal with the low block that not negative that is our reality that must be address. You don\u2019t have to agree with me but never negative, bruh. \n\nBeing a delusional fan not recognizing years of a  no strategic direction by the Manchester United board has cost us our position on the world stage. Stop thinking like Ed Woodward (being wealthy mean nothing), what matters is players, our heart desire and quality on the pitch-team performance is only as good as your ability to accept constructive criticism and realizing where the gaps are located and recognizing the need of continuous improvement through lessons learned. \n\nUnited always in my heart.
If being wealthy means nothing, why are our players on enormous wages?
Subbed kean on and 18mins later subbed him off as a tactic to run down time. Then gives him no handshake when he comes off and kean goes straight to the changing room.\nKean is a 19 year old struggling with confidence in a foreign country away from his family where he can't speak in the language. He was humiliated in front of 70k people.
That's disgusting. I remember him being racially abused in Italy. Now here he got humiliated by his own manager. Duncan out!
Nope, he said in the post match that he did so to waste time which is total BS.
Ferguson said in his post game interview he wasnt injured. \nHe said it was a time wasting tactic. Doesn't explain no handshake when kean came off and kean going straight to the dressing rom.
4 points off 4th with our best player out all season? Can we not overexagerate our position, with the lack of midfield options we had going into the season, it's not as bad as everyone is making.
That is why i specificied 'at this rate'. And by that i mean inability to break down non top 6 teams and being an injury or two away having to call upon kids. The starting 11 is more than good enough for a top 4 finish. I'm Ole In all the way but how is this an exaggeration? You yourself mentioned the lack of midfield options. City and Liverpool will finish in top 4 for sure. Leicester has a better squad than us and way too many points too. Chelsea is crumbling but they're likely to throw money at players especially after the ban. So we'll need to strengthen as well.
What I meant was that we are also in the Europa, League and FA cup; however the priority should be the top 4. I wasn't suggesting we top the table! :D
Consistency in getting results is more important than 'dominating good teams'. Consistency implies we have a good foundation we are comfortable in. Taking a win off Chelsea, Spurs and City from a one goal margin is not any better than spanking them 3 or 4 nil. Correct me if I'm wrong but I believe this happened and isn't just a product of my imagination. \n\nThat is how Leicester came first, and how SAF did it near the end with a sub-par squad - scoring one or two, and **not** conceding.  There is a reason so many 'analysts' called it a 'proper United performance' after that City game; yes we didn't score 3 or 4, but applied a tactic that created chances, we got the lead and defended phenomenally. \n\nStill can't dominate good teams? Spurs, City, Chelsea (twice), PSG, draw against the Euro champions comes to mind; they may have dominated us - but we won the game, you decide whats more important. Still a counter attacking unit? Whats your point! Still can't keep a clean sheet? I agree, we need to not concede petty goals; its more important than scoring. \n\nYour argument doesn't provide any insight; if we apply what you say we lack, we would be a top team - and that's what we are trying to work towards.
You're missing the point. It was Ole who set a marker for what to expect... he spoke about playing on the front foot, having more possession, dictating play and scoring more goals.\nSo that's the genesis of my disagreement.\nAnd frankly, I was baffled by the description of that United game as a proper United performance - for obvious reasons. There is no way 28% of the ball can be described as a proper United performance.\nAs for providing you with insight, I apologise. I didn't know that was my remit.
The goal should have been disallowed but I get your point and it is actually true. We seriously need to improve our set pieces in attack and defense
We did. Stop being a muppet
We created nothing concrete
Apart from literally the first 20 seconds, which wasn't really a \"created\" chance, we were quite tepid as a team as usual.
Well here I am blaming it.\nFor real if that goal was disallowed the game would have been entirely different.
Wtf are you talking about? Did you watch the game? How ignorant. Everton played well and I\u2019m happy for Ferguson who is having a good run of games. You\u2019re right that it doesn\u2019t matter if they scored on a foul because they still scored, but you really should understand by now that we arent going to win every game. If you watched the game you would agree with me that we didn\u2019t deserve the win and be glad we rescued a point. Our performance was disappointing and I really felt we should have lost that one but Mason is an absolute gem for bringing us back into the game.
Doesn't change the fact it was a foul.
Of course it does. Not everything is going to go your way in a game, but you do your job just the same. It's like the old instruction, 'play to the whistle.' Just because a player is offside, doesn't mean it's going to be given.
Fuck, I would take 6th.
Not playing to their potential?? Look at the team that's played the last three games. 7 points against spurs, city and everton. If anything they've been overperforming
Maybe you havent noticed we had the worst start of the season since... i dont know years
The best for the club would be people like you leaving
Why?
We need someone like him. Martial is too inconsistent to have only him and Greenwood as our true strikers.
I don't think he's been shit but he hasnt justified his price tag. But I think we all knew that when we signed him for the money we did. He's still been an improvement on what we had imo.
Pogba in games like these, Lingard against the top 6.  But yeah, might add it in at the end there.
Yes that\u2019s true but today he was the most wasteful when it came to crosses
I can't entirely blame martial when most of our recent strikers have faced the same issue. Our strikers need to feed off scraps or drop deep to make something happen. \nThing is when martial turns up the attack looks much lively and better.
I think things are improving myself. The results haven't been good enough especially when we have the ball and should win but it's not been terrible, this season needs to be seem as a free hit.\n\nWe're transforming youth players into genuine 1st team players, all our signings have improved our squad in one way or another, we've got rid of most of the dead expensive wood with a few more to go as well. It's a process. Things are better than a year ago, the players are better. Ole will get it wrong and we will have more frustration to come but let's just ride the waves support our boys and see how it goes. If this time in a year there's been no more forward progression then I'll be right with you but Ole and the core of this team deserve time, financial backing and our support.
He's not a wizard mate, can't wave a wand and make mata, lingard or andreas into prime iniesta
We still should be able to break down crap teams
What lmao how did you even make that connection? You\u2019re really projecting there buddy.
Pogs and whomever
Fred, saul and pogba\ud83e\udd1d
Everton didn't play with a low block btw.
Every forward that started today need to sit out vs bottom 14  lol
But they are often literally the same people
Yes, and there was 6 minutes of injury time in that game.
He spoke this week about problems in his personal life. Yea I agree he's never been good enough and we should be looking to ship him off
Its Watford, lets not be overly dramatic here.
They asked about if he was with him last week and he has said that he knows what he want and that halaand knows what he wants haha
Not exactly what he said. A better translation would be \"He knows what he wants, and he knows what he is going to do\"\n\nWhich to me sounds even more promising.
Ill try not to get my hopes up as we\u2019ve been burned many times but that sound somewhat promising? Surely we must know if he\u2019s coming or not by now we\u2019re halfway through December and Ole will want any signings in Jan in as soon as possible
Nativity.\n\nChristmas season and all.
a-ha!
Yeah hahaha, i forgot looking at the thread...
When? When did i play bad today? What decisions are you taking about? He barely lost an aerial, and if it was pogba who passed That ball to Rash this sub would go into meltdown
He*
First half which leads to an attack but Calvert lewin is just offside which could have been a one-one vs de gea\nThen end of the match instead of giving it back to de gea he tries a dribble near the touch line and gives the ball away for a throw in to Everton
Problem is that \"better\" currently mean scraping a draw at home against a relegation candidate with an interim manager and patched up midfield.
They won 3 1 vs Chelsea. They got their goal via a lucky OG that should've been a foul
We didn't scrape a draw. We were always more likely to score than them, they scored off a foul.
Hindsight is 2020. Our forwards decided to go on a picnic today. Normally you see Rashford come short and drive the ball forward. James take on defenders from the deep. They didn't perform well tonight.
This isnt the first time this forward line or one similar to it has had the same problem though. I cant understand why he keeps making the same mistake.
Actually jesse was making brilliant runs in the first half, but was being ignored :(\n\nWe dont have personnel. See James's performance, he ran into traffic every single time. 3 players crowding him anytime he came near the box. Martial less mobile than a cement truck. Rashford is the man ideally to unlock these defences but he had a poor game today. Not sure how that is on the manager
Early on in the season everyone blamed Ole for not bringing on subs quick enough. Hes bringing them much earlier recently. Greenwood was on 64. Mata was completely useless in his time on the pitch. What was he going to do by starting?
Who do you start then? Pereira? Mata?\n\n>Shaw conceded the corner\n\nThis is laughable really.
None\n\n4-4-2\n\nRashford & Dan on either flank. Martial & Mason up front.\n\nShaw's poor clearance led to the corner. Look it up
Yeap he starting Lingard over Messi right ?
I\u2019m unsure on Ole\u2019s tactical abilities but you can\u2019t blame him for starting Lingard..
Starting Lingard over Greenwood who just scored 2 goals a few days ago and scored again today?
Agreed, but James didn\u2019t need to be subbed
Oh I absolutely agree, thought James played well tbh
Not subbing James at all would be my decision. He didn\u2019t have to be subbed
We have a history of injuries and James has been playing quite a lot. Besides putting in fresh legs is always a good idea. We simply need more options we have nooo fkn plan b if things don't go our way and its absolute due to the atrocious depth we have.
I can't say Martial was impressive, either. I know he needs feeding but it's not like he was moving for it either, and you have to create your own opportunities. I remember one great chance where James crossed to Rashford being covered by 3 players at the far post... Martial was too slow to read that he needed to be at the near post. He was at the penalty spot and blocked off, no chance to even get the ball.
Yes, He should be moving into the box but he was hovering on the edge of the box.
Exactly, it was a fluke goal IMO. Everton barely challenged us and I thought we actually did better than normal when facing the parked bus. For some reason every damn pass we made seemed a bit off, those days happen. Best not to overreact, our goals don't change because of this game.
Pretty much lol, Pogba will come back and Ol\u00e8 will say its like having a new signing.
As long as he replaced lingard in the line up I'll take it
I think that would have to go to AWB this match.
Clearly u werent watching
Legit thought his eye popped out for a minute
Take into consideration for how long they have been here in this club. Bissaka sure is expected to improve that part of his game going into the next seasons.
You are going to give him until next season. You do know we have another half season of facing small teams? I don't think he or shaw should be played in these type of games personally. You need creativity from all parts of the pitch when facing a deep block.
Im entitled to correct decisions every time. Considering Michael Oliver and the VAR official just pocketed \u00a310K from that match, I think I'm allowed to be 'entitled' to call out corruption.
It definitely can be, which is why I'm very optimistic about his future here.
Martial seem to be our best linkup player but at the same time you need him in the box so we are struggling. We need Pogba back in the 10 asap.
How can you consider dropping messi linGoatinho
I know, it\u2019s a joke mate
Did you make the same joke I made and it flew over my head
I think you missed the joke.
Yeah, lot's of half assed attempts
Doesn't offer much else vs small teams. If we had Greenwood on for 90 we would've won this game.
Possibly but our tactics are shite in the last 5 minutes of the game Martial was the only in the middle, you'd think with him having the worst movement, Ole shouldve told Greenwood and Rashford to stay in the middle aswell.\n\nTbf it doesn't help that our fullbacks don't offer much on the wings so Rash is still needed to play wide.
 Luckily for him the refs award him a lot of freekicks but to me it seems he often does what you mentioned, run directly into opponents and hits the ground easily. I don't think there's much that can be done to improve his passing, its either you have it or you don't at this point in his development
Yup. Already with you on the passing as well. There's not much he can do about that. Same for his ball carrying. He's good defensively. Quite solid. He's more of a DM than a box to box type player/CM imo.
No idea why you are being downvoted, i love Scott, he's one of my favourite players in the developing players but he absolutely needs to keep training his passing. It's not that he doesnt have a good pass in him, he makes some incredible passes, its that he consistently fluffs the easy passes, rather than the difficult ones.\n\nIf he can add a bit of consistency to his passing game it will complete his development in his position and he probably wont ever be displaced from it if he can just add that element to his game.
He doesn't have good short passing and his long range passing just isn't there my issue is just how often he plays the risky pass
so de gea getting fouled on the everton goal doesn't change the score? the game being 94 minutes long excuses bad refereeing since when?
Bad decisions happen. Deal with it.\n\nWe had plenty of time and plenty of chances to score 3 or 4 goals in this game and we didnt even come close.\n\nWe lost because we were nowhere near good enough.
[removed]
Excellent more like man city didn\u2019t mark him for shit...
If he was so shit, why do you need to mark him? /s
whats so baffling about selling januzaj?
Even Januzaj of now is better than Lingard. Man he can't cross nor playe incisive passes. We can't have a player just for pressing in the first team.\nGood squad player but not a starter.
His personal problems will buy him at least a few more months of selection.  I\u2019m not saying it\u2019s not a sad situation or that he has it easy. But most employees would (if possible) take a small sabbatical to create a good system and it\u2019s not like he doesn\u2019t have the cash to get help with the practical side of things.  I\u2019d have thought football would have helped with the mental side.
Lots of chances? There wasn\u2019t a single half decent chance apart from the attempt off a rebounded Luke Shaw effort that fell to Dan James. Unfortunately he smashed it into Lingard\u2019s face. \n\nGood managers and good teams create 3-4 CLEAR goal scoring opportunities a half against the bottom sides, not 1-2 half chances a match.
[deleted]
He might nt be gr8 but he was good setting up the team last few matches, even today the same team, but our players decided to have an off day. We need more players who can change gameplay if its not working out, but look at our bench. Give Ole the players he wants then i will judge him.
Fair enough, but when you're bypassing a superior manager in Pochettino you're making a big mistake imo.
N.
I would.
For which decision?
He wasn\u2019t bad no but I think Tuanzebe would have done better imo
He could still be a bit more strong there. That ball is never reaching Lindelof with Schmeichel and VdS in goal.
Lingard offers nothing as a cam
Why would you not want that
Arsenal Are going to continue to self destruct.  City need to tumble.  I don\u2019t really give a fuck who beats Liverpool and city.  Just that they lose.  Especially when it\u2019s not going to end up costing us.  Which arsenal winning today wouldn\u2019t.
Our strongest team consists of Luke Shaw, who hasn't got any positional awareness, Lingard who is inneffective in transition. Martial who gives up when the service is poor and doesnt get invovled, just stands around looking moody. Also the team as a whole is young and were going to be inconsistent.
I just disagree with you. We had the amount of shots on our side to win and we just couldn\u2019t finish them. Our problems seem to come out of lack of creativity in the midfield and poor finishing, we\u2019ve missed clear chances game in and game out and our lack of buildup comes from a missing playmaker in midfield. This to me seems like a lack of composure on the players part.
We barely created a chance! what are you talking about? Even the goal came out of nothing. We had some wasteful shots because we couldnt push the ball into dangerous areas. Would you put one Everton player in our team? My gawd.
What about us? Did you enjoy the game today? What even was going on?
Mason is the only player on our bench most weeks who can make an impact and that\u2019s just not good enough, we should have a bench that can turn a match around
young can make an impact in a different kind of way imo.
I think he\u2019s gone tbh don\u2019t think we\u2019ll see him in a United shirt again
No, but look, sometimes you have to see the reality for what it is. Yesterday Liverpool was lucka against Watford, today we were unlucky against Everton, which team is miles better than W.
Spot on. We are one great no. 10 away from being a good team.
And some bench depth, and .... ?
No we're not, our troubles aren't because of a CAM, most of our issues are because teams sit deep and there's no space for our danger players to run through, having a CAM is just gonna take up space we don't have
\"Good performance\" ? He ran a lot, pressed well and had played a couple nice passes. That was it. And it's cute that you actually think  people call him \"Lingardinho\" in an unironic  way
Maguire really needs to step up. I'll give AWB's crossing a pass because he's so damn good at defending.
Didn't notice Maguire in the box but saw him further up the pitch trying to make things happen. So i thought I'll give him a pass. Agree about Bissaka.
True but atleast he's completely bossing one aspect consistently.
Incredibly weak finishing though.
Besides that assist and few runs i thought he was pretty anonymous.
Havertz would be really good for us and United is supposedly aiming to get him
Shouldn't we be? I get we should be realistic but at some point, our aspirations need to be up there...
Exactly.\n\nKDB is the benchmark so why the hell wouldn't we compare Lingard when he is supposed to provide us with the same thing?
Yeah tbf that\u2019s more what I meant, I was just being lazy and putting Cm instead of midfielder. Essentially it\u2019s just one creative link between the holding midfielders and the front players to feed some killer passes because Jesse and Andreas just don\u2019t offer enough of that for me!
shit, forgot it was a draw, my bad.
I would never say that to someone who brings up an actual point. Most of these comments are just-\n\n\"Uhhhh we're always so bad and we're never going to be good and the whole team is shit\"\n\nIt serves no point in driving a discussion other than just shitting on the team because of a bad result. If you comment something talking about the actual aspect of the performance than there's nothing I could/would/or should say because it's an actual point being made other than just \n\n\"Uuuuhhhhhhh my whole day is ruined because I thought United were going to score eight goals and concede -1\"
Fair enough.
Fucking hell mate chill, he\u2019s joking.
Welcome to the internet
\u201cThe worst breed of new society\u201d\nReally?\n\nWhat about people our walking with their dog, their dog shits and they fake like they\u2019re picking it up... but don\u2019t.\n\nOr adults who eat the free fruit in supermarkets that are meant to be for kids?\n\nHmm.
Yes.
I don\u2019t think they needed one with their style of play today mate. Their passing movement began with either a direct ball to Calvert Lewis which he did well in every aerial duel, or directly out to the flanks. They didn\u2019t rely on a midfield defending as they dug in deep at the back.\nMidfielders against a counter attacking squad like United would be used to break down attacks early or to press heavily which they didn\u2019t.
Spot on. Our young players will take a lot from today. Think ole has won 2 games from going first goal down. You can\u2019t turn that sort of form around immediately, you have to teach the younger players how to first get back into a match, then to press on from there (which is where we just fell short today). \nI think people see what we\u2019ve done last 3 games and think we\u2019re in \u2018good form\u2019, but every game depends on the first goal for me. If you go a goal down (regardless of the time and circumstances of the goal) form is irrelevant. Our 3 good performances against Citeh, spurs and AZ were all won from scoring the first goal. This was a big step today and continues a little unbeaten streak which builds confidence! \nLook at Chelsea, their kids are really struggling to find a way back into matches after going a goal down these days.
I\u2018d love to see our players getting service upfront
Fucks sake
They scored last minute and I was watching our game, the only showed the score update on Sky after full-time. \n\nNo need to get rude.
Congratulations
I'm not, it's just another shit result. The case is we are decent and every time we have a chance to pop forward we underperform.
Sorry. I meant how can our team be so bipolar? Like one game we play like we can beat any team in the world and the next we play like a championship team. I don\u2019t understand
I\u2019m here, post made a few seconds ago saying we need more patience that\u2019s been taken down. Not difficult to find us..
Just because he is scoring doesn't mean he is being utilized to his full potential. Now imagine what he could do if he was in and around the box all the time instead of being out wide and sometimes having to track back.
Yeah i agree something he's great at, plus three players would close Pogba down and free James up to take those shots. \n\nThat or Pogba would do one of his clever little flicks over the top to get Martial or Rashford in, just something more creative than finding a channel to pass down.\n\nMaybe Periera like we witnessed midweek, with his neat little touches could've unlocked that defence yesterday.
Wow. You're scum.
Lingard is bang average but you would expect people to show a bit more dignity. We need a CAM asap.
I feel that it was an acceptable result, not great. They are hungry, hardworking and are ready to die for their manager rn, \"new manager bounce\" if you like. They literary whooped Chelsea last weak and they sit back (our kryptonite atm).
True. But dropping points at home is always a big no no
Because he was dripping deep as there was no service into him. That's lingard's job and he wasn't doing it
Yeah but in the second half we tried to get the ball down the wings to find chances in the center. And every single time, martial was not there to aim at.
Can you imagine people still rate him. Alli is 23. Look at the fucking difference. He's literally the worst player in that position across the top 6.
*across the league
Lol literally only rival club supporters make use of that shit \u201clingard is so young\u201d meme... on top of that there is no blind loyalty, everyone in this sub knows how much the club needs creativity in the midfield.
Its a thread on this subreddit and i got downvoted to oblivion for saying he isnt young.
He plays abysmally in every game and is largely due to us struggling in the final third. Alli is 23. Look at him and look at Lingard.
Ok I\u2019m not saying he\u2019s good but we weren\u2019t necessarily a good team when Lingard scored that goal, as opposed to Spurs, who were and still are.
That goes to show how wishy washy the fans on here are. They forget their own opinion in less than an hour because the result changes.
LOL
Yeah we shouldn\u2019t be relying on the kid. There is a difference in starting a player and hoping he\u2019s our lord and savior. \n\nMartial is shit, so he should be replaced by a player who is playing better. It\u2019s really that simple.
Starting Greenwood as our striker isn\u2019t relying on him? Ok. \n\nYou already lost me when you called Martial the french Titus bramble. Kind of shit you\u2019d see on r/soccer from someone with a Liverpool flair.
We needed that player in August. This is going to be a long season isn't it
Thanks
Cheers mate
Thanks
overeating?
Sorry. Autocorrect .  Overrating
At least until Mason stepped up and he\u2019ll be the one most displaced by the arrival of Haaland
Ole will rotate him with James or Lingard on the wings.
We can\u2019t rely that much on an 18 year old, it\u2019s irresponsible imo.
Im all for depth and options but we already have 2 young, good options in that position: Martial and Greenwood. Meanwhile we have no back up for players like McTominay and we don\u2019t have any real right wingers. I think we should be addressing holes in the starting lineup and positions without backup before adding and extra dimension to a position that\u2019s already covered by multiple players
I don\u2019t disagree.  We need midfielders.  But if the possibility is there.  We should probably sign Haland.
Need 4 top strikers mate, 99 treble winning team had Cole, Yorke, Sheringham and Ole. 2009 team that also won the champions League had Rooney, Ronaldo, Teves and Barbatov. We've been at our most dangerous when we've been stacked in the striker department. \n\nSo maybe Martial, Rashford, Haaland and Greenwood can be the attacking quartet of this current side. That kid Haaland is 18 and he's been banging in goals in the champions League. If you can get him for a decent fee then why the hell not?\n\nIt's around 60 odd games in the season if you have Europe and domestic cups so you really do need two teams comprised of quality and hard working committed players. Youth is definitely the way to go and let them all grow and play together and maybe we'll have a team that can challenge for titles once again.
For me they are not out and out strikers. Greenwood usually comes in from the right and Martial ideally likes to come in from the left. We do not have that striker that poaches a goal out of nothing making runs into the six yard box stretching the two center backs. Ideally we get one striker and two midfielders, qualify for the champions league and then have a great chance to buy Sancho in the summer.
What exactly is Haalands attributes?
He's quick he's fast, and he's got pace
