The critics haven't watched the episode, but they'll soon be back, and in greater numbers.
My roommate: \"I didn't like how they spent almost the whole episode on one battle.\" 
I'm pretty sure that's grounds for eviction. Call your landlord and get a new roommate. He'll understand
Argh, I almost downvoted you for how much I disliked his comment.
They wasted too much time on it. I would've been much happier for it to cut away to the sandsnakes right after Jon charged, and then after a 10 minute scene of Dorne it cuts back to Jon standing over a beaten up Ramsey.
Don't show him Blackwater then
I believe you meant your ex-roommate.
[deleted]
I wanna downvote your roommate, please pass that along
This is like complaining the water is too wet and the desert is too dry
My friend called it fan service.
Me to your roommate: \"I don't like how you're still drawing breath.\"
I'm only willing to forgive the episode the time it spent *not* on the battle because it was so great to see the dragons burning the Master's fleet.
There are always those people who pretend like they have a critique look that is just more mighty and holly than everyone else...
I bet he didn't like The Return of the King. 
Not enough Sand Snakes
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
feed him to the hounds
I'm guessing he didn't see the battle at the wall episode from season 4
Can your roommate read? The episode is literally called 'Battle of the Bastards', what on earth was he expecting?
Tell your roommate you wanna play a game. Get a bow ready.
I didn't like it when the wildlings attacked Castle Black but that's mostly because the battle wasn't as epic as I had thought it would be. This one though I was so happy with. The entire time it was raw power and death everywhere and I kind of wish they had given it more time.
you have a roommate problem. 
And then you frogged his arm so hard he's still rubbing it and going \"Owwww\"
Fuck sake there is always something 
but it was only half the episode 
your roommate is a dumb idiot. they do that shit like every season!
I also get bored after like 15 minutes of battle. Fortunately, this one had a *lot* going on and was really well done (crush scene, etc).\n\nBut I still prefer episodes like S4E1 which begins with reforging Ned's sword and the small council, introducing Oberyn, and so on. Subtle, well-written scenes. And humor
Well know you know he takes it in the butt if your ever feeling frisky
Listen, there's only so many minutes of guts and screaming and fast camera movements that some of us can take at once. Hope I didn't miss anything important by skipping 90% of the battle...
it was a pretty shit battle too. \"Oh no this mountain of dead bodies is blocking our only escape\"
They haven't been fed in 7 days (since the previous episode).
We didn't have GoT for 7 days. We were starving. We are the hounds that ended Ramsay. 
Anyone else notice that Sansa rode off before Ramsay said that? Wonder how she knew. \n\n\"So what we're gonna need to do is hold our position and wait for them to attack us. They have greater numbers than us. Ramsay's dogs haven't eaten for 7 days. If we can get his army to charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"Wait was that bit you said in there?\"\n\n\"If they charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"No, the bit about his dogs\"\n\n\"They haven't eaten in 7 days\"\n\n\"...and?\"\n\n\"I dunno. Thought it was interesting\"
They're loyal beasts
Most of the fans hadn't had a *real* episode in 14 days. 
\"Jon snow is an idiot if I had been leading an inferior army to retake my home and Ramsey killed my brother I would have felt no emotion what so ever\"
Easy to say when you're not watching your little brother get shot in the back when you're seconds from grabbing him
Well he isn't a Stark. This was a classic Stark move. 
It's a valid criticism. Jon Snow trying to 1v1 Ramsay's army wasn't just dumb, it was the dumbest thing that's happened in the entire show. 
I mean, I loved the episode as a fan of the show and a fan of great action, but it wasn't necessarily the best episode ever. This was more of a show piece for the action capabilities of the show.
If you only look at directing and cinematography it was the best episode imo, but it wasn't the most well-written one.
I have to agree. Hardholme, Rains and The Climb still stand out to me years after, there was just something about those episodes. Even this season I thought E5-7 are extremely strong episodes. Thing is, GoT has set the bar SOOOO HIGH that even an episode as good as this just seems par for the course.\n\nBe happy they didn't sneak in any Sand Snakes =P
I think that if this shows retains a 10 that would give confidence for HBO to spend even more money on the last season. Because you know somewhere they give out a budget for each season, and the producers were like fuck it, let's spend 30% of the budget on one episode. Not wise spending, but it could pay off. \n\nI think in terms of action, this is the best one yet. As an episode for development, it finally concluded a few things that have been brewing in past seasons. Daenerys has her fleet, army, and grown dragons (or at least early adult) and is now ready to march. The Starks are back in charge of Winterfell and the main stopping force (Boltons) are dead, some unification of the North is still needed, but for the most part the large antagonist of the North is dead. And because of the turmoil in Kings Landing, the Lannisters are too busy to deal with what's going up North. Meaning, that for the most part the North is almost back to where it first started in S1. \n\nI mean there wasn't much story, but a lot of plot points got finished up. 
Absolutely this!! 
My one issue with this episode that to some degree it was almost \"too violent to be cathartic\" and also rather predictable in everything that happened.\n\nIf I didn't spend time talking to my friends loads and thinking about the show loads then maybe this wouldn't have been the case but quite simply I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight. \n\nAlso it might just be me but some of the scripting was a bit cliche, the whole \"no you misunderstand we're here to negociate your surrender\" and Tormund not understanding basic tactics in the comical way he does was a bit eh. Maybe I just look for too gritty an experience throughout every single encounter in the show but it doesn't make me dislike the show at all really.\n\nThe scene at Mereen was nice to watch but felt a little like it was just flexing its CGI muscles and acting as fan service to those wanting to see action from the dragons. \n\nI'd still rate the episode like at least 8.5/10 because it was very entertaining but that doesn't mean I don't have some gripes with it.
>I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight.\n\nI agree with you that it was predictable, but I don't see it necessarily as a bad thing.\n\nGame of Thrones has given us a lot of unpredictable twists and turns, but the thing is that every decision made in the story has consequences. Eventually you make enough unpredictable decisions in the writing that the consequences converge towards certain events that become inescapable. Events that just have to happen for the story to progress in a sensible, cohesive, logical manner.\n\nThis episode was that for me. It was the consequence of decisions made prior. Which is why I'm actually extra happy that they turned the episode into such a visual spectacle, with great cinematography and action choreography. And even better, it's the episode before the season finale. We got the predictable stuff out of the way. Now we're headed for the really crazy shit that's going to cap it all off for us until next April.
Exactly. Definitely my favorite episode of the series, as someone who's favorite character was Robb, but I don't think it was the best all-around.
>  predictable in everything that happened.\n\nWhen unpredictable is the rule, the predictable is unpredictable too.
Maybe it's because I'm still emotional from having watched the episode 15 minutes ago, but I immediately hate this guy.
He's actually a pretty solid reviewer.  I always see his reviews linked for shows that I watch and generally agree.  It was strange seeing his review as the only \"rotten\" one on Rotten Tomatoes when I checked last night.
no, it's because you are incapable of critical thinking, and whenever someone dislikes what you like, you hate him.
Youre a fucking moron and your tastes are shit.
I'm not in the \"didn't care for the episode\" camp but I didn't think it was amazing or anything.  I'd say it was a good not great episode.  It isn't Hardhome, Watchers on the Wall, Red Wedding, and Blackwater for me are the gold standard of the series.  I just think that the episode didn't live up to the MASSIVE hype.  From a cinematography standpoint I don't know if there was a more beautifully shot episode.  The Davos scene reminded me of Luke on Tatooine.  A+ for directing and filming, B for the actual content of the episode.  Maybe it's because Ramsay was one of my favorite characters, if not my absolute favorite character but I just felt like it didn't quite meet my expectations.
Well said. I have the same thought but considering how everyone's been praising the episode, I didn't say it out loud. \n\nBut yeah. For me, I felt the battle was lacking, kind of. I can't point my finger where, but I thought it didn't live up to the hype somewhere. 
What the fuck does emotional meat mean ?
Dramatic scenes that a viewer can cherish. Its a manner of speech
that review has plenty of bullshit quips in it. either he's just a sad cynical man, or doing it for clicks. very poor and excessively meta interpretation of the episode.
I agree with all of his points. Some of the battle scenes were pretty good, I don't watch GoT for battle scenes though. Season 1 is still the best season by far and it skipped over all the battle scenes.
[deleted]
i dissagree so hard
After watching a second time, I'm so glad I don't see this show through other people's eyes like Alan's. It was so amazing. 
I was very underwhelmed by this episode. The writing was pretty bad, which is the first time I encounter that with this show. A lot of the dialogue was way too simplistic. \"Don't do what he wants you to do.\" Really? (That whole conversation was gringy) And it just had a lot of nonsensical decisions from characters for the sake of getting to specific plot points. (Rickon running in a straight line...Jon easily falling into that trap... Jon's army easily being surrounded by slow-moving troops with heavy shields...Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye instead of Jon...etc.) :/
[deleted]
Doesn't Rickon's corpse count as emotional meat ?
Because we had like 4 episodes building the emotional meat of the Battle this series anyway. The Battle was just the pay off
Yeah I'm not saying it's 10/10 TV, just that initial reactions are from people who sat at home on the couch all Sunday rocking back and forth looking a blank TV all day until they start refreshing their Apple TV every 20 seconds until the new episode is available on HBO Now. I would assume these are the types that overreact....OMG BEST EVER 22/10 STARS, WTF IMDB WHY CANT I RATE IT HIGHER, IT WAS SOOOO GOOD.
What episode did you have in mind?
I have found this to be by far the best series and loved every episode except this one that I thought was crap. I went on a rant about it above
It just depends on what sort of affect you're looking for the show to have on you. This was the most emotionally immersive episode I've ever seen, and part of it could have been the action, but I think also because it stuck with just two story lines and getting a lot of singular characters' screen time rather than jumping from city to city and only getting 10 minutes per character.
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
I think the episode managed to shine and to be honest didn't think his emotional response was out of character, but you're not alone in feeling that the show is a little wobbly without the ability to \"ctrl+c,ctrl+v\" the books.
I actually really enjoyed the episode as a whole, Mereen was awesome and the final scene between Sansa and Ramsay was dope.  GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years and I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nI'll still be glued to this subreddit all week and will certainly be tuned in next week, onward. 
[Well](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U)
I'm not trying to be cynical just to be cynical, I still thought the episode was very solid and would probably rate it 8-8.5.  The cinematography was gorgeous and the acting was superb throughout.  I just feel like the actual plot for the battle could have been so much better and am saddened by the fact that it couldn't live up to some of the other major conflict episodes of the past like Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall.  
Genius but immoral tactic
Not genius. 
If Ramsey had won, his victory would have been considered [pyrrhic.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrrhic_victory) 
Also a tactic I use heavily in Total War. I'm surprised the pikemen kept their cool when Wun Wun was picking them up one by one and tearing them in half.
The men are wavering!
I don't know why Wun Wun didn't break a hole in one side, and have the men pour through the pocket--they'd fall like dominos.
No one even aknowledged Wun Wun.\n\nOh yeah they have a giant. Weve seen plenty of those down the wall in the last thousand years. 
If Wun Wun had fought at that point like a giant and not a scared woman trying to swat flies he would have wrecked house. Like, at no point did ANYBODY among the wildings go \"Hey Wun Wun.. you know what you need? A fucking tree trunk to use a club. You know, so you can kill anything.\"\n\n
Total War allows that kind of micromanagement? I feel like the formation would randomly break and soon it would be a 1 soldier v 1 soldier if possible.
Inspired by the Battle of Cannae, as [noted here](https://redd.it/4owt7p).
The youtube link inside that link gave me such a strategy boner, holy shit.
Yep, it was used by Hannibal to defeat the much larger roman armies 
Battle of Cannae?
I knew Ricken was doomed because of it. 
A... Great Northern Conspiracy, perhaps?
[deleted]
Haha woah. I've always used this username- I watched a scooby doo episode with the \"wikitikis\" before I made my yahoo messenger in 6th grade 
I just remember seeing the 4 horsemen on the ridge with that creepy music playing, and then the avalanche of wights, and getting a legit pit in my stomach. I think Hardhome will always be my favorite.
For me it goes:\n\n1. Hardhome\n\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n\n3. The Watchers on the Wall
same. there was raw terror that i've never felt in a battle scene
And that music too. \n\n*tik-tik-tik-tik-tik*
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [warning label](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Still my favorite episode. When Jon is fighting the horseman and blocks his sword.. That long, drawn out clang of metal as they both realize what happened. I get hype every time I think about that scene.
I've said it like this, BotB was a better battle, Hardhome was a better episode.  And the directors say that's kinda intended, Hardhome was a massacre, not a battle.  The real downside to BotB was just the predictable nature of the Vale ride in.  They kinda shot themselves in the foot with Littlefinger talking to Sansa in Mole's town.  If you edit that scene out, show the knights going to Winterfell when you have the scene with Petyr and Robyn earlier on, show Sansa writing a letter that isn't obvious to who, and you would have had enough tension where the ride in would have been maybe not less predictable, but more dramatic.
I feel like rains of castamere was better written but BotB was just shot so well.   
I agree, the cinematography in this episode was amazing.
This.\n1. Rains of Castamere\n2. Hardhome\n3. Battle of the Bastards
3 Battle of the Wall  4. Battle of Kings Landing 5. Battle of the B's.\n\n
Your house is dead, Bolton
Part of why I enjoyed Rains of Castamere more. Everytime a Bolton was on screen, I can't look away. RIP Roose & Ramsey - Atleast we have the hounds left. Technically they have Bolton blood in them.
Classic Bolton.\n
That was more of a massacre really
[deleted]
exactly it wasn't much of a battle, which is why I liked BoB better
It was not a battle..it was a massacre
Same could be same about last night.  I don't know that there are enough men left in Westeros to fight the Night King at this point.
I may get downvoted for this, but I actually liked BotB way more than Hardhome. \n\nThe shots, the directing, the despair. The looks on their faces. Hardhome was great don't get me wrong, but it wasn't as epic in terms of a battle. There were some great scenes and it was a great moment, but BotB was a fucking BATTLE. You could really feel yourself in the moment. \n\nWith Hardhome, I was watching an amazing battle on my tv. With BotB I was living an amazing battle on my tv.
Yep, what made BotB that great was the directing, but there were also lots of astounding shots. And well, I don't consider BotB an epic battle. The scene where Jon Snow got engulfed by both armies is precisely the way of telling that this episode was everything but epic.\n\nIf there's a word that describes this battle, I'd say visceral and yes, I love visceral scenes. 
I'm going to throw a vote in for The Watchers on the Wall. Hardhome was visually spectacular and does a fantastic job of showing how fucked everyone is, but The Watchers on the Wall was unrelenting and exciting from start to finish. Both were noticably better than this episode.
To me Hardhome felt more like a zombie attack scene than a battle. It was like a scene from a horror movie with a few fights mixed in.
Hardhome was a good episode, but the battle was just *another fucking zombie chase scene.*\n\nZombies aren't only overused as hell, they are fucking boring. They create a completely undynamic type of battle where one side is just a bunch of meat robots, reducing the battle to a pointless meatgrinder. Compare it to BoB's formations, psychological play, heroism and realistic combat, and it's not even a competition.
Yep, I could be partly agree with you, but BotB had some flaws in its narrative. I don't know if 6x10 would solve those (most of them are about Sansa and her role with the Knights of the Vale), but I felt that the battle could've been far greater than what we saw on Monday.
Yeah I remember thinking \"oh shit it's happening, they're doing it, winter is here!\"
> \"exactly like everyone expected\"\n\nEveryone who spends time on internet forums dedicated to picking apart and analyzing every detail of every episode, yes.
Additionally, surprises shouldn't be the measure of quality. This was an incredibly well written and mesmerizing episode.  One of the best battles ever filmed. \n\nPlus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. 
The opposite actually. All the obvious things that required no picking apart or analysing happened. All the picking apart and analysing led to speculation of Umbers being secretly Stark loyalists and Shaggydog still being alive. But everything pretty much played out exactly how it looked like it was going to play out.
AKA the logical development of the story.
bullshit.\n\nyou don't have to read the sub to know the cliches they've used, you just have to know enough of these kinds of stories.
it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute, there didn't need to be a discussion for that
Never thought I'd say this but... the fella that calls himself BeardMilk is right!
This. I suspected alot of what happened in this episode (not everything though), but my SO who has never read any predictions or theories had no clue what would happen, except for little finger saving the day.
Nah, the outcome was pretty obvious even if you don't follow it online.\n\nThink about it. Jon Snow isn't going to die again anytime soon. Ramsay would never hand over a hostage without doing something to them. The show has been hinting at Little Finger and the Vale's army all season. Ramsay would never let them retreat so that means Jon is going to win. The line about his dogs being hungry, but never showing the dogs is totally a [Checkhov's gun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) situation. You knew the dogs would eat at some point in the episode.
No, it was fairly predictable for anyone willing to think even a little about the next episode. Dany comes back with her dragon right as Mereen is hopelessly under siege after all attempts at peace have been made, so obviously she's going to lay waste to their army with her dragons. The title of the episode makes it clear that Jon and Ramsey's armies are going to fight, and of course Ramsey was going to die in this episode. Jon wasn't ever at risk because you can't revive a character just to immediately kill them off again. We knew Littlefinger would be coming because the show already told us he was mobilizing the Aerie's troops toward Winterfell. Rickon has never been important to the story, so of course he was going to die. Since they were at the same campsite Stannis used, it was a given Davos would stumble across some evidence of what happened to Shireen.\n\nThe show put everything perfectly into place before setting off the dominoes, so it was very easy to see how things were going to unfold.
Come on, you're giving people far too little credit.\n\nSansa had met with Littlefinger, then written an extremely obvious letter. She then starts acting all coy and weird, so it's obvious he's gonna swoop in and win the day.\n\nSansa literally says ~5 minutes before the battle that Rickon is as good as dead.\n\nJon stands solo against cavalry, and lives. Tormund lives. Davos lives. Sansa lives. They retake Winterfell. Ramsay dies. \n\nSaying that it didn't go exactly as expected is really giving a lot of people a huge disservice. The internet picking apart brigade immediately settled on what happened as the baseline, and THEN started considering theories of what twists could possibly happen, or who they might kill off.\n\nIt's being telegraphed far, far too hard. The show is starting to lose suspense. When Arya was stabbed, there was no suspense because of course she lives. There are lots of little things like that.\n\nI also feel like the season finale has already been spoiled at this point due to how heavy the telegraphing has been. I'll put it in spoiler tags out of courtesy.\n\n[S6E10 Speculation](#s \"So far this season, we've had two hints, and one outright slam-in-our-face confirmation of it. Bran's vision showed a huge green explosion. Cersei asks Qyburn how much is down there, and he says \"Much more\" or something along those lines. Then last episode, we have Tyrion explain in detail that there's a huge cache of Wildfire underneath Kings Landing, specifically highlighting one of those areas as The Great Sept of Baelor, which just so happens to be the location of Cersei's trial.  \nThe first two are really nice subtle hints for the analysts. The third one is \"If you hadn't got it already, there's a huge cache of wildfire underneath the great sept of Baelor that Cersei knows about now.\" There's also Dany's vision in the house of black and white of the destroyed throne room, which again is a good hint. But they've over telegraphed it, and Tyrion's highlighting of it all is too much. It's at the stage now where a couple of casual show watcher friends have figured it out. I don't think anyone figured out the Red Wedding if they hadn't read the books, even though it's hinted at a decent amount beforehand in the show.\")
That's why I stay away from this subreddit before big episodes happen.. It sucks not trying to piece things together in your own mind and just having people guess every possible outcome.
It's also almost like a series of books/TV episodes has been building up to this moment/episode. Of course we know most of what was going to happen - they've specifically been setting it up. Littlefinger's arrival, Ramsay manipulating Snow into fighting on his terms etc.\n\nThe show had two choices: Jon Snow wins, Jon Snow loses. In any other show it would have been painfully obvious, but anyone who says they didn't think there was any chance Ramsay would win is just lying to themselves. I've seen complaints saying \"GoT just caved and became like every other show where the good guy wins.\" It would be even more predictable if the good guy *never won* which GoT was really in danger of becoming.
Nah
it only took the average viewer 5mins to see littlefigner ex machina coming, amazing cinematography or not\n
My internet illiterate parents rolled their eyes at the writing. It was predictable to a T, the only good writing in the episode was Yara eye fucking Danaerys, the rest was just stock low fantasy tropes shot really really well.
Honestly everything going as expected was somewhat refreshing. The show has scarred me so much that the whole time I was just sitting waiting for something to go horribly wrong. For Jon or Tormund to die in battle. For Ramsay to have something else up his sleeve. Having the characters you want to cheer for win, solidly, is something that rarely happens and felt so damn good to see finally. I fully expect things to fall apart next week, but even just a temporary satisfaction is worth it.
This this this.  I was noticeably uneasy by all the moments during the episode where I thought 'Hmmmm, things are going WELL'\n\nAlways preceded by moments when I thought for sure Jon was a goner.  Dodging arrows after Rickon's death... that moment where it looks like he's about to be trampled by the cavalry... the moment where he does get trampled and nearly suffocates... the arrow that finishes Wun Wun.
yes it was predictable. But what people often dont understand is that this is a good thing. The GoT universe is so well done that we here on reddit with enough time and opinions can pretty much predict the most things. That shows the qualty of game of thrones. Of course some surprises are nice (and hell we actually got enough surprises) but using predicatble as a qualtiy measurment in a negative way doesnt seem right (atleast not in got)
It was predictable, but I was still on the edge of my couch the whole time. My body was literally shaking, my heart was thumping out of my chest, and I'm pretty sure I had an anxiety attack during the crush sequence. I can't think of anything I've ever watched, tv or film, that gave me such an intense, visceral physical reaction. Loved every second of it. 
Overly predictable? What else could have happened?
Go watch M Night if all you care about are twists.
Yea, it was predictable.  But a story shouldn't be judged by how unpredictable it is.  An episode can be predictable, but with incredible delivery, it just doesn't matter, i.e. last night's episode.
You know what didn't play out like we expected?  Arya and the Waif.\n\nDo you want that instead?  Do you want more sand snakes?  These are the things absolutely no one expected.
I'm sad that it was as obvious as it was. Literally told the person I was texting \"littlefinger rides in like gandalf\" queue that happening. Also sad that Ramsay died, I would have enjoyed seeing him be released by littlefinger for more games.
But here's the thing. Was it predictable? In a typical sense, yes! Absolutely. But both the book and show played with tropes of people you'd think would have plot armor until you find out they don't in the worst way. Both have shown that they can pull out the rug from under you at any time, so while yes we knew LF would come, rickon would die and the Stark loyalists were grossly outmanned and would lead to a LF SAVES THE DAY SITUATION, any of those things could not have happened and it would be believable in the context of the show. Even down to Jon dying, even that wouldn't have been bullshit thrown in for shock value. It played with the tropes it managed to destroy to create new tropes that last nights episode played with
I agree that an episode \"playing out as expected\" can detract from its overall rating. However, if you were anything like me, you were an absolute nervous wreck the whole show. I suspected it to end how it did but after almost six seasons I honestly had no true idea how it would end. I was quite certain Ramsay would die and Starkes to take over but I didn't know who else would also die.\n\nFirst I actually got nervously excited for a 1 v 1 battle, didn't happen. Then I got nervous, no, I actually came to terms with Johns death as the Bolton Calvary charged. I felt hope fade away and acceptance of this honorable death, I thought there was no way his army was close enough to save him; didn't happen. Then I thought John might actually get trampled to death (which was starting to make me angry but wouldn't put it past the writers to show how fucked war is) and that shot had me gasping for air; he didn't die then either. Add in my constant nervousness about what exactly Ramsay was going to do each time he showed up. \n\nJust because a show ends up how you expected, I would argue, doesn't mean it's writing and execution don't warrant it a high rating. I say this because that seems to be the consensual criticism of this episode. I was absolutely moved and stunned by last nights episode more than I ever had been in the show. To me; it was the greatest battle scene ever shot. It was like Lord of the Rings (several homages I felt throughout) but more realized and much grittier.
Red weddings certainly top 5 for me, and if i'd not read the books, it could easily be top. 
Yeah BotB had a lot more depth of story, but hard home's shock and awe left a deeper impression 
Thanks, I was worried for a minute there
*ejaculates uncontrollably*
Where in the world are there still video stores? 
Small towns 
The ghetto
HMV/Virgin store?
Movie trading company
... I love Scarecrow Video in Seattle. They have a lot of OOP and hard-to-get foreign titles.
IMDB is good but you have to give the score time to settle out. There is a lot of overshoot initially. 
Oh yeah totally. Even after the settling out period I have a sense they retain a bit of overshoot. Some of your older movies never had the initial fanboy brigade to start off with. Hasn't prevented Shawshank or whatever doing well though I guess.
I agree with that, I see some very questionable films at 80% on Rotten Tomatoes and great ones at <50%. Imdb is the more reliable score, can't speak for metacritic.
You just gotta be aware of the curve. Imdb score of 5 is basically 0. While 8.5 is a perfect 10.
RT used to be the absolute best. These days you have to take everything with a giant grain of salt.
Where did you get a time machine???
Bran describes the covers for me. Also there is one left in the next town over that has become half a tobacconist and they bundle and lend new release movies for 2 days so it's like ~5 times cheaper than a movie vending machine so I make sure I swing by when I'm there running errands and rip whatever I hire.
I does not always agree with the IMDB score but when I don't the margin of \"error\" is usually much smaller than with Rotten Tomatoes.\n\nAlso, RT's main score is what percentage of people thought the movie was okay. Useful for some I'm sure, but I want to know how good a movie is.\n\nThe fact that IMDB is a movie database at it's core is also great since when I've seen a good movie I want to know all about it's production, actors, writers, directors etc.
Honestly I just don't see the point in RT when there is IMDB... More accurate more info. The only reason I'd go to RT is to see a shitty movie with a \"splat\" next to it and some schadenfraude.
Anything over 7.0 might be decent but rating shows, movies or episodes depending on what rating they have, ESPECIALLY the ones above 7.8, is inaccurate as fuck. It's all just hype, trying to buff up the score by giving it a 10, or the opposite and giving it a 1. Using IMDB rating in any kind of argument of what episode is best, or even hinting at it having some kind of value in a discussion, like OP has done, in my opinion is pointless.
Hrm. Whilst I agree that it shouldn't be treated as any kind of final arbiter about a 8.5 movie being definitely better than an 8.3 movie I can't agree that you can't \"hint it has some kind of value in a discussion\" that's going a 50 miles too far in the other direction. It's no more hype than RT and is more accurate as when you hype or punish it's not just an up or down. I think it has some value in a discussion once you give it a few months to settle down. Obviously not mere hours after the episode went live and OP is helping brigade.
What's your problem with metacritic?
It weights scores based on how famous etc the people reviewing it are... Which er... Isn't what I'm after. If I wanted that I'd listen to the critics I knew had the same tastes as me. I can't say I've found Metacritic to be overly reliable but I will admit I haven't given it the chance maybe it deserved after I hit scores I didn't agree with to contextualise what a 60 there means vs a 60 on RT vs 6 on IMDB etc.
[deleted]
I trust IMDB from HUNDREDS of watching experiences. If there is nothing good there i'll even go 6.7-6.9 and be ok. Anything over 7.5 is usually really good. I don' think I've ever come home and watched a movie and gone \"IMDB lied to me\".. Not in the they said it would be good but sucked way.. maybe the other way \"hey that 6.0 movie wasn't bad at all\". I see dumb shit on RT all the time as it seems easier to punish a movie there.
Metacritic is awful since they weight different people and critics differently, Rotten Tomatoes also has some very weird ratings e.g. https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/1017699-robin_hood/
I don't trust Rotten Tomatoes.\n\nhttps://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/sharknado_2013/
**50% FOR ARGUABLY THE GREATEST ANIMATED DISNEY MOVIE EVER?** That is some shit.
Wow, I've never seen this Robin Hood rating. Bizarre
>I actually worked for a neuroscientist who studied all these different ratings sites.  He found that IMDB was the most accurate.\n\nMost accurate in what sense?
Most accurate predictor of quality.  I don't remember the specifics that well, but I'll see if I can find the work.
What a load of Bollocks.
That's just what told me dude.  His name was Pascal Wallisch.  I linked his blog somewhere else in the thread.  He was a little eccentric.
No you didn't 
Believe what you want but I'm not going to link my CV on reddit.  The scientist's name was Pascal Wallisch at NYU\n\nEDIT: here's the patent where he did the work I think (but again it was a long time ago) https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2008073633
Because it is...
Exactly. The last episode 'No One' was probably the most unpredictable episode so far this season. Barely anyone predicted that Arya would have actually been that dumb.
Or that a six-year-long training montage would end with \"okay I'm leaving goodbye.\"
After 6 seasons if we aren't able to predict some things, I'd call us terrible fans.
I can't agree with this enough!
That's the line this show has always been trampling on. This show has messed with expectations from the beginning. The only thing left that would be surprising is the heroes succeeding and getting a good resolution. And then this episode happened. 
All these years of having the heroes lose doesn't pay off until the heroes win. They needed a win to keep the show interesting and episode 9 was maybe the greatest win I could think of. \n
[deleted]
Exactly what I was like. I kept checking the time on the episode. The less time left the more I wondered if he was coming at all.
I agree completely, hearing all the people talk about not wanting LF and the Vale soldiers to show up because it was predictable and instead wanting Howland Reed or Jamie Lannister show up as a 'twist'... Its fuckin st00pid, its exactly how you described it, a 'twist' that comes at the cost of decent writing.\n\nOf course LF and the Vale would show up, yes its predictable, that doesn't make it bad.
You're using a bit of a strawman here. People saying it was predictable and flawed aren't saying they want super big M Night Shamylian style twists. \n\nIt was flawed because there were lots of ways for that arc to end, and instead of an interesting one, we got the most obvious story of wish fulfillment. Ramsey could have lost the loyalty of his men, or they could have had Stark loyalists sabotage the Bolton camp. Basically anything other than \"run at them! Oh no we're losing, how could we have avoided this? Oh wait yay the Knights of the Vale are here just in time!\"\n\nNot to mention that the battle seems like it was either directed and written by people with minimal understanding  medieval warfare, or the participants in the fight were not so great at fighting as an army.
I would argue it was directed and written people with extremely high knowledge of medieval warfare -- also, the participants in the fights were not so great at fighting as an army.
How did you come to the conclusion it was written by people who didn't understand medieval warfare? Honest question. It seems to me like this was the most realistic depiction of medieval warfare I have ever seen on tv.
Things can be predictable, but not like bad predictable. Like if you predict, with doubt, something will happen, then it isn't really a bad thing. But if you're just waiting for that cliche to happen, say an army that is losing is saved in the last moment by a army of horses that charge in and clear everything up? Well that is bad predictable in my opinion. So this episode while very good is far from perfect, one of the reasons is that it used one of the most common cliches when it comes last desperate battles that has an important outcome.\n\n But then again it isn't really a very bad thing. As long as you don't abuse it. Having everyone act in character is much more important for most people.
One issue I had was with how hard they telegraphed Littlefinger and the Vale coming to save the day, to the point were I was said \"about time\" when they go there. While this has been compared to Tywin showing up at the end of Blackwater, the difference is that him showing up wasn't really telegraphed. It was hinted at by him leaving Harrenhall like 2-3 episodes earlier (correct me if I'm wrong) without giving us an obvious hint of where they were going. Same with Stannis. He left Dragonstone for the wall like 5 episodes before watchers on the wall and we didn't hear from him until he showed up in the North. They planted it early on. With littlefinger, the show pretty much told us with Sansa's letter that he would arrive at the last minute.\n\nSaying all that, I loved this episode and think it's a top 3 episode of the series.
I'll add it to the list. I have a lot of catching up to do.
Same with Lord of the Rings.\n\nPredictable doesn't mean bad. A lot of us knew the Red Wedding was going to happen. That didn't make the episode any less horrifying. 
Most people liked Empire better though, and in large part due to a surprising twist...\n\nBad example?  :)
No, because liking something better because of a twist has no bearing on liking something else that doesn't have a twist.\n\n
Yeah, but people don't watch it for the plot.
There is plenty valid points that have been made about poor writing so you have to admit you are presenting a bit of a biased standpoint there.\n\nA series is great because it's well made with few mistakes, greatness doesn't mean you just look past mistakes.
It's entertainment. If we weren't here bitching we'd have to pay attention to our lives.
Not me, to avoid that I just bitch about reddit.
It gets really tiring to see the same discussion over and over again over nitpicky details that may as well be expanded upon next episode (see: Sansa's motivation). You can just tell people are copypasting and rephrasing the same arguments in every single thread.\n\nAnd people get so instantly hyperbolic. One bad thing ruins an entire episode and characters reacting realistically with realistic flaws are instantly hated.
It's not constructive criticism. It's people looking for something to bitch about, but not being able to find anything. \"Lazy writing\" is right up there with the other two phrases I mentioned that piss me off to no end. I really just need to stay off this sub until after next week's episode. People have completely lost their minds on the theory vs. reality argument.
Everyone is falling over themselves praising this show and anyone who speaks out is being heavily downvoted! All the top comments are in favor of the show!
I understand some of the criticism but damn ... Some people write paragraphs about what they did t like!! Ok so yeah that writing seemed silly now get over it! It's not anywhere close to bad as the walking dead so I don't understand the hate
Those three weren't that bad. Man. 
9.9? That is a pretty big prediction. 
Rains of Castamere and Hardhome are both at 9.9 still.  
still at 10/10 with 25k votes get BTFO
It's at 10/10 at 30k votes right now 
It's not impossible. I myself rate this episode equal to Ozymandias in Breaking Bad and that one has 10/10 with 70k votes.
Update: 21,000 votes with a 10 still
Almost 38000 and still 10.0
Over 20k now and still 10/10
48,508 votes and still 10/10.
it says 10/10 but the actual average vote is 9.83... not sure how imdb counts those things.
[Ozymandias](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2301451/) from Breaking Bad is still at a 10.0 after over 70k votes
Well, fuck me I guess. 
It helps that this being posted here directly gives people the direct link to give it a 10 rating.
shhhhh he'll catch on! 
With 10k votes, No One is down to 8.2/10. While Battle of the Bastards has 14k votes and still holding a 10/10.
27k votes in, still a 10/10. 
32K VOTES AT 10/10
31k votes and still 10/10, not bad
34k and still at 10 as of 3:27EST. 
40+K now, still 10/10
>This episode has it after 8,000.\n\nAfter it was posted to reddit and facebook specifically talking about votes.
That happened to the door. It lost a lot recently because of a large effort to drop it.
The Door has simply fallen from a 9.8 to a 9.7. A very small drop I think.
Well it didn't really work considering it's still the 4th highest rated episode. 
you don't know imdb. At a certain amount of votes, things rarely stay close to 10
It will stay high for this episode. Rains of Castamere and Hardhome are still 9.9 after over 40K votes.
I don't know why you are getting downvoted. This is what happens with every popular movie and TV show on IMDB. 
[deleted]
12,811 10 ratings and counting at the moment
That's with under a 1000 ratings though. Happens with movies as well. This is however at 15,000 at the moment. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2301451/
For me it shows 10 in 11,276 votes. :)
Showing 10 in 25,812 votes now ... \n
Here it's showing 10 with 88.201 VOTES! How did it get so much votes in such a short time period?
People aren't angry with the lack of battle scenes, they're angry with the bad writing. Lots of good moments, but the stuff in Braavos was pretty confusing, Arya taken by surprise by the assassins she just fled from etc. But yeah, people might be hating a bit to much, I agree.
Arya being taken by surprise by the assassins she fled from was the episode before.  People just came up with all sorts of absurd theories to try to explain it that \"No One\" disproved.  Honestly, I think half the hate for the episode comes from people people expecting things (some justified, some not) that weren't there.\n\nIf it had been earlier in the season and not episode 8, and people hadn't gotten themselves hyped up for things like Cleganebowl or Arya faceswap shenanigans, I think it eoupd have been seen as a perfectly average episode.  Nothing special, but not terrible.
This episode has bad writing(and a few choices which probably fell to the director) as well, except this episode didn't focus on writing it focused on the battle. The episode with Arya focused on writing as did the whole Arya story even tho at end all together made little sense. (Probably GGRM wouldn't tell them what happens in the books so they had no idea what to do with it on show). All they could do was put Arya at the point she is suppose to be when she goes back to Westeros so that they can continue to use her as a character in the show.\n\nIt is obvious that without following the books the show's writing is just not up to par but instead they have all the pay off theories/battles they can do and directors like this one can deliver  the epicness.
The battle itself was great, but there were moments of bad writing with Sansa and the Knights of the Vale. In my opinion, playing more with that element would have given the arrival of Littlefinger and company the best outcome possible.
The previous episode had a chase scene that looked like made by someone that knows as much about directing chase scenes as me.
The entire Arya arc culminated in nothing. She suffered multiple stab wounds and was basically fine the next day after sleep/bandages. Her getting stabbed in the first place was asinine, and out of character. Basically, the entire faceless God arc turned out to be meaningless filler and that annoyed a lot of people.  
Honestly I think some ppl get upset when their particular tinfoil theory doesn't pan out
That may be valid for some fans, but this is dismissive of a variety of reasons that ep received criticism. Personally I came in expecting little but still ended up disappointed -- aryas storyline failing to deliver after two years a satisfying payoff, little emotional resonance, a very cheesy terminator chase scene that felt out of style with the universe of GoT, and poor, contrived dialogue like \"finally a girl is no one\" really brought down the episode for me.
I didn't buy into the tinfoil theory but I was still pretty upset by the episode. I watched the episode, disliked it, then checked this subreddit if other's disliked it too..\n\n\n
The writing was poor. Could care less for an actual battle scene.
No, GoT is a show you watch for the battle scenes (although episodes like Blackwater, Hardhome and now BoB are some of the highest rated in the entire show, although that's because of the stakes being quite high in those episodes more than anything else), and that makes it good or bad. Last episode was a bit crippled by some bad writing, particularly with Arya. \n\nAt least she's actually going to hopefully do something now, instead of doing was feels like basically nothing for 2 seasons. 
Are we watching the same series? Arya has one of the most interesting arcs in the series in my opinion. She went from being a noble to peasant to assassin apprentice. 
\"come at me bro\"
Honestly though, I'm super biased as well I think, but most episodes with parts not set anywhere in the North are generally worse than those in the North. It has the most exciting plot and characters usually. We have some good other stories again this season though I think with the hound and Jamie finally doing things. And it took Dany 6 seasons but she finally had some excitement. 
I think it's because we know the North is where the real fight will be taking place. Everything else is just politics until the Night King decides to make his big move. The North is the endgame.
Hardhome was so unexpected. There was hype for thia
The best part about Hardhome was that guest actress they had.  Lord, she was probably my favorite character on the show.  RIP.
Karsi. Now I'm imagining how badass she would have been in this battle. Shame she had to go and tell her kids she'd be right back. No one comes back from that. 
Her, Jamie and Euron -- all played by Danes. Glad to see some viking representation
We may see her next episode near the Wall, don't be so pessimistic...
Yeah considering all the hype, this episode left me a tad underwhelmed...But seeing how I expected nothing from Hardhome, I guess that made it one of the greatest episodes of all time.  \n\n\n\nThe sheer amount of uncertainty, the way things were unfolding, that was one of the only times I was uncertain any of the characters were gonna survive.
Battle of the Bastard was chocolate ice cream, Hardhome was vanilla with chocolate swirl. Both really delicious, but I prefer vanilla with chocolate swirl.\n\nRains was strawberry, which I normally don't like, but this time it was really good.
The sound production was huge on why it was so good, no wonder it won an Emmy for that ep
TADA DA DADA
\"Target acquired\"
It's a visual metaphor for the fans chasing Maisie when they see her on the street.
Well, we've never seen this kind of representation of battle it was extremely brutal with tons of bodies pilling up a main character getting drowned in his own men. The only stereotypical thing were the knights of the vale but the rest of the battle was something that i at least haven't seen before and it was amazing
It was basically the Saving Private Ryan of GoT with all the grittiness.
He was a good commander until he let his emotions get the better of him. If your little brother was gunned down in front of you, good luck keeping your composure in the heat of the moment. \n\nHe's smart but young and emotional. We all know that already.
You should not be downvoted for a valid oppinion. When Jon charged like a blind idiot the battle was immediately lost and the way it had to end was extremely obvious. The only real tension in the battle was wether major characters will die or not.
Oh, I don't mind being down-voted. We all saw the episode, I'm comfortable with my take on it. But thanks. :)
Jon had a wlel thought out plan. It was just that Ramsay was a better manipulator and when he managed to successfully create a scenario where jon would lose his emotions, then the battle turned into a slaughter
Are you saying it was unpredictable? Come on man, it was well directed cliches from start to finish. The last second arrow through Rickon, Jon's ridiculous plot armour in battle where he seemed to survive through pure luck, the last second arrival of Littlefinger and co when the Starks were about to lose, Sansa killing Ramsey etc.
I completely agree. Very well directed, and that slowly-tightening encirclement was pretty spectacular, but it was nothing but clich\u00e9s - all the ones you mentioned, plus at the end when Jon and Ramsay meet and Ramsay is firing arrows at Jon *while Jon's soldiers stand around and just watch* because it wouldn't be climatic enough if one of those soldiers just did what they're supposed to do, defend their leader, and shot Ramsay.\n\nIt will be interesting to hear the writers justify Sansa keeping that whole correspondence with Littlefinger secret for some reason, much less Littlefinger being able to sneak an entire army on to the battle field without Jon or Ramsay's scouts knowing anything.
I think it would've been so much better if it wasn't the vale that came, but the other lords. They've mentioned the Manderly's so much this season that it really fucked me over when it wasn't them that came to the rescue
I don't give a fuck. I had the biggest shit eating smile on my face when Jon was beating the absolute shit out of Ramsey that was only eclipsed when Ramsey was eaten by his dogs.\n\nI don't care if it wasn't perfect. That made it all worth it.
It was a good episode cinematically but from a story point and character development it just failed. What it did really well was make everyone look past story and characters by having a huge action sequence and having Ramsay brutally murdered like everyone wanted. Appearantly that's enough to get a 10/10 episode rating.
These people deserve AIDS.
A lot of people had the same issue. HBO needs better servers. 
I cannot agree with you more.\nI still remember my initial reaction to Rains of Castamere, staying still and not being able to comprehend what had just happened and Hardhome, the silent gaze of Jon as the white walkers stood up..masterpiece !\nWhat great, great episodes they truly were !
Can't. For some reason they're really full...
To be honest, that's a pretty good point. Not to take away from the episode or anything, but why didn't Ramsay just shoot Jon snow lol
Not really Ramsay's style, quick deaths.
Jon's just a man whereas Wun Wun was a giant. Ramsey always thought he had the advantage over Jon, even while he was launching arrows at him. I'd say he still thought he could escape up till the point where he realised his dogs were no longer loyal.
Yeah it was a bit weird, but I don't think Ramsay expected Jon to ditch his sword and two hand a shield. He started panicking at that point. Jono my boy just too smart for Ramsay.
He shoots Jon, then he has a bunch of arrows rain down on him, and he loses. His only chance is to beat Jon in a fair fight.\n\nAlso, Wun-Wun was a bigger threat to Ramsay than Jon. Wun-Wun could rip Ramsay in half, Ramsay thought he could kill Jon before Jon got to him.
If I had to guess, Ramsey shooting Wun Wun in the eye is probably another one of his taunts at Jon. Sort of like how he used Rickon to lure Jon into the open. He could have easily shot an arrow into Jon, however his goal was to psychologically mess with him instead.
Ramsay was over-confident, and thought he could beat Jon in a fair fight. 
If he had shot Jon, it was insta-death for him an instant later. He was surrounded by wildling archers. Instead, he goads Jon into a 1v1 situation, in which case he at least has a chance they'll take him prisoner, which they actually do. He would have survived even further if it weren't for Sansa. The Roose warned him not to mistreat her, and in the end it was his undoing. That is clever writing, but people tend to focus on face value and stop there. 
He tried\u2014he shot like four arrows at Jon's shield.  Wun-wun probably seemed like a more present threat than Jon at that moment.
Meh if he shot Jon Snow he would just have been resurrected later anyways. This way he killed a fucking GIANT.
Because Jon was having a moment with Wun Wun and he wanted to take that away from him. Regardless...that one thing doesn't make it a one star episode.
I thought it was ramsay rationionalziing that he could take Jon in a 1v1 but not wun wun. 
Because again we know that Ramsay is cruel to a fault. He wants to see Jon suffer and lose loved ones. He's overly confident that he'll be able to simply kill Jon right afterwards. 
My eyes feel purified. I feel reborn.
Thank you for introducing me to that sub. 
People think they are Roger fucking Ebert for openly disliking something that most people love.
Was it the logical route to have Littlefinger and co turn up exactly as they were about to lose the battle? That along with Sansa killing Ramsey, the last second arrow, Jon's plot armour in battle... So any cliches.
Yes, it was the logical route. If LF had shown up at the start, it'd be a short ass anti-climactic episode. \n\nRamsey killed Wun Wun instead of Jon, because he wanted to fight Jon one on one. I don't see why people keep picking at that. If he killed Jon, there's still like 10,000 enemy soldiers in his castle.\n\nYou guys are so jaded if you're sad about things being \"expected\" this episode. It was wonderful and a landmark for TV cinematography. 
  Literally, no.
Fun fact: the definition of literally was actually changed to include to mean figuratively as well!\n\nI actually hated it at first, but it's growing on me.
Jon wins the battle, but only because Littlefinger shows up at the exact right moment.\n
Exactly.  This basically rendered all the planning irrelevant.\n\nAnd for whatever reason Sansa just decides to not tell anyone about it, even though it could have saved thousands of lives and changed the entire course of the war.
Yes, how convenient. The series seems to be relying more and more on characters showing up at the exact right moment to get another out of trouble.
  The point was that ramsay had a plan , he worked it and it worked well. No Littlefinger and Jon and every man there would die.\n\n What is your point? That since Ramsay got killed, jons inability to control his zombie emotions was excusable. His blowing the plan was OK?
The point is that this series has generally been good about not shielding characters from the consequences of their actions. In fact, that's what sets GoT apart from other shows. But these last two episodes felt like something out of a basic cable drama, where the good guys can behave in all manner of stupid and still win in the end.
So long as we get the punchline to the donkey in the brothel joke...  tenouttaten
Jon's survival was almost entirely due to his incredible ability to dodge arrows, would be my main complaint. He behaved like an absolute idiot, tactically. 
My take on the arrow dodging ability is due to the Lord of Light's plans with Jon. He didn't bring back Jon just to die to an arrow barrage.
If it wasn't arrows, it would be something else. If you're front line, you generally ain't surviving that shit in any film/scene without plot armour, it's just a case of how well they execute it all, and in that sense, it was a complete success.
Then again, there are stories of survival against greater odds for some men throughout history. \n\nI like that 'luck' or 'the God(s)' is partially responsible for his survival. 
It's almost like he has changed since he died
I dont want to be that guy, I did love the episode, but it was entirely predictable with few genuine twists. Compare it to the Battle of the Blackwater where it genuinely seemed it could've gone either way, we had multiple characters tackling challenges and some jaw dropping twists. This episode was definetly the best shot though.\n\nEdit: to anyone who might criticise this comment read my reply to Holken42 [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/4owx3o/s6e9_battle_of_the_bastards_is_currently_the/d4hrrug)
Personally, I hate how the lack of an unexpected plot twist is damning for so many people.  Not every major climax nerds a plot twist.  Sometimes it's okay for something to happen as expected, and it can still be awesome.\n\nAlso, there was still plenty of tension in the episode.  There were moments where I was worried something unexpected would happen.  Sure, in the end, there weren't many deaths and the outcome was what people expected, but that doesn't change the tension I felt while watching it.\n\nYeah, big twists like Red Wedding or battles where you don't know who's going to win are great.  That doesn't mean this episode wasn't amazing too.  It wasn't the best episode ever from a story standpoint, but that's fine.  It had the best action scenes in the series, in my opinion.\n\nThe big thing that puts this one above Hardhome for me, personally, is the emotion if the fight scenes.  Hardhome's fight was huge and epic and unexpected, but it wasn't emotional for me.  Just lots of action.  But scenes like the Rickon scene, the cavalry charge, the crush scene, and the 1v1 fight were more than just action scenes, there was emotion in them.
I'd rate this as being better than Blackwater, mainly because as a book reader the show has never really surprised me completely. With this episode I genuinely didn't know what to expect and I think a lot of people felt the same
Considering how GoT is it really wasn't predictable. It was very easy to see Jon dying again. If it was any other show it would've been predictable but not this one.
[deleted]
I might like the Blackwater better because I like both combatants better than the combatants in the Battle of Bastards, but the bastard battle was much better done. Plus Blackwater had Bronn and the Hound which are both pretty much universal fan favorites. 
I understand that this is GOT and twists are a big part of it, but that is not all that makes something good. I am comparing it to LOTR. Most of it was predictable enough, but the writing, acting, cinematography and battle sequences are amazing. 
Honestly, I think it only seemed that way cause we knew the battle was happening long before it did, and the side we wanted to win actually did. It's hard to make a twist stick if the good guys win.  \n\nBlackwater, Stannis, Hardhome, the good guys all lost.
The genuine twist was that there were no twists. Which is rare for GOTS
Who cares if there isn't a twist? For fuck a sake guys.. you guys are gonna make the show jump the shark because \"MORE TWISTS NOW!!\".\n\nThe show can take the logical road sometimes. That makes it better. It's a variety of elements, not just nonstop twists.
Grin reciting their oath before the giant still gives me chills
The twist is that the good guys won.
[deleted]
The problem with 'Predictability' in this show is that people get a bit too complacent and comfortable with their ideas and theories until they are completely proven wrong. I know I've heard loads of people going \"But what if X doesn't happen after all and instead Y happens?\" And become nervous. Sure, all turned out well for our characters, but not every episode has to be Rains of Castamere or Baelor, eventually the heroes have to win one or two. And thats what this episode, nay, this entire season, was all about; the Payoff.
Not as good as Hardhome, maybe a little better than the Blackwater 
I want to preface this by saying I did kind of enjoy the episode despite all the writing flaws, which is a testament to the absolutely amazing directing in the battle. However...\n\n1) Dany flying into the city on a dragon without any of the masters noticing. They even mention at the meeting they'll kill the dragons \"under the city\". What about that one you just saw fly into the pyramid? \n\n2) Dany coordinating drogon to fly over just as she finished her cool speech at the meeting with the masters. it's Tyrion who organises the meeting so it's not like she even knows she wants him to do it by the time he drops her off in the pyramid. \n\n3) Dany somehow coordinating the dothraki to kill the footmen just as she burns the ships. \n\n4) No-one in the north noticed Littlefinger's huge army was marching from the Vale to Winterfell? Doesn't Ramsay own the whole North?\n\n5) No-one noticed Littlefinger's huge army was literally over the hill from the massive battle? Do scouts not exist?\n\n6) Jon Snow standing in arrow fire with everyone around him getting hit while he is totally fine.\n\n7) Littlefinger's army arriving literally just in time to save everyone\n\n8) Ramsay had a clever plan, outsmarted Jon, Jon just foolishly ran at him with no plan whatsoever, then magically wins because of deus ex machina. Very un-Game of thrones\n\n9) In Winterfell, Ramsay picks up a bow and arrow and fires it at Wun wun despite all of jon's men surrounding him. No-one noticed? The camera was focused on something else so I guess not.\n\n10) Ramsay shoots an arrow at Wun wun, who is already dead, rather than Jon Snow who is standing right next to him.\n\n11) Ramsay firing off little snide comments when he's captured and had his face beaten to a pulp like some comic book villain\n\n12) Sansa wasn't at the battle when Ramsay said he hadn't fed the dogs for seven days.\n\n13) Why didn't Sansa tell anyone she was getting Littlefinger's army?\n\n14) Where did everyone think Sansa was going when she went to meet up with Littlefinger's army?\n\nThere's some things of the top of my head. There's definitely more. There were just so many scenes where if I'd saw them years ago in some other show I would think \"Man, game of thrones would have done that so much better\". It just feels so sloppily written now.
1) Who says they didn't notice? They seem completely unsurprised to see her, I would say they *did* know that she entered the city. They're not wrong that there are dragons under the pyramids, they never said those were the only dragons. \n\n2) In the books they do a better job of explaining that the Dragon and the Dragon-rider share a telepathic link. I think they allude to this in the show quite well, Dany has routinely been able to coordinate with Drogon once he accepted her at the end of Season 5. Also, it's heavily implied that Tyrion and Dany discussed their strategies and planned out the encounter with the masters, why do you think they were winging it?\n\n3) The *easy* cue would be to charge once you see me riding Drogon out over the ships. Flying out to the Khalasar and explaining that to Dario is simple.\n\n4) The Reeds control the territory south of Winterfell, in the books they were excellent at taking out stragglers and messengers, it make sense that they covered the advance of the Knights of the Vale. Also, the show has demonstrated that you can take down communication networks quite effectively just by shooting the ravens as they leave a castle. They would only need to do this for Moat Callin, which likely had no ravens anyway since the Greyjoy occupation. \n\n6) Jon wasn't the *only* one who was fine. Most people on both sides made it through the arrows. I agree that you never really think Jon is in danger of getting shot by an arrow, but plot armor is plot armor, it's not a plot hole or a writing flaw. \n\n7) The look on his and Sansa's face says that they coordinated it that way. They needed to draw out all of Ramsay's forces before the cavalry charge would make sense. I think it's likely that next episode we'll find out that Sansa and Littlefinger had been in communication and had planned to use Jon's forces as bait so the Knights of the Vale could clean up.\n\n8) Jon didn't win, Sansa did. Ramsay outplayed Jon, Sansa outplayed Ramsay. That *is* very Game of Thrones. \n\n9) They were engaged in taking out the other Bolton soldiers. The timing is perhaps convinent that Ramsay kills Wun Wun just as Jon's archers finish mopping up the Bolton forces, but that's what we see in the background and it made for both good pacing and a satisfying showdown. Sometimes good writing is more about setting up good scenes then about calculating realistic timetables for the mop-up portion of a castle invasion - and even so, they did show them being occupied until that moment. \n\n10) Ramsay believes he can still take out Jon in 1v1 combat, thereby securing his legacy, if he kills Jon he knows he'll be shot and killed with hope of escape. Killing Wun Wun not only adds \"Giantslayer\" to his list of accomplishments, but it potentially goads Jon into making bad decisions, something he proved he could do earlier that battle. \n\n11) I agree that \"they're loyal beasts\" etc seemed a little absurd, but I fault the delivery more than the writing there. I *like* the idea of Ramsay being delusional to the end, but while I liked most of his acting choices throughout the show, I thought that line should have been delivered with a bit of fear and uncertainty, not raw confidence. \n\n12) He said that in the pre-battle meeting where they discussed terms. In either case though, there's clearly a bit of time that has gone by where Jon and Sansa conversed. Having a scene where Jon debriefs everything we saw on screen with Sansa - *that* would be bad writing. They did a good enough job of showing time has passed, and Sansa asking where Ramsay was showed that she *must* have talked to Jon, so knowing what Jon knows is easily assumed. \n\n13) While annoying for those of us that wanted the best possible outcome, this shows that Sansa has learned quite a bit about \"playing the game\" and made a tough but correct call. She knew that Jon would fall into one of Ramsay's traps. Had he had the Knights of the Vale, he would have squandered them and they would have been entrapped like the rest of his army. Instead, she coordinated with Littlefinger to hold them in reserve, not giving them up to Jon's poor leadership, and waiting until the Bolton forces were engaged with the encirclement before releasing them to wreck havoc. It was a shrewed play, and imo the correct one. She sacrificed hundreds, probably thousands of wilding lives to win the North - something the Northern houses will begrudgingly (and in some cases openly) respect.\n\n14) What makes you think that she met up with Littlefinger's army? The clear assumption is that they communicated by raven. 
> It just feels so sloppily written now.\n\nAside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed, I feel like it's not \"sloppily written\" and we're just acclimated to the writing in general. Not everything has to be a surprise. It's not like the writers kept The Vale army secret in any way. I have a suspicion we'll find out what the true cost of calling in The Vale was next week. Probably Sansa marrying Littlefinger\n\nI'm not disagreeing with some of your points, but most are glib. Some points are articulated well, but they still have a negative tone to them that this episode does not deserve.
Totally agree. I was completely shocked when I saw all of the comments declaring this 'one of the best moments of TV' anyone had ever witnessed. The narrative in this show has become, somehow, both totally predictable yet also nonsensical. GRRM is such a fantastic writer, yet this season it has become painfully clear that without his material to work from GoT is a shadow of its former self.  I think once the excitement of a high-production value episode with a big battle wears off and fans have some time to reflect, we'll see people start to change their opinions. It's really sad because if you watch seasons 2-4 it reminds you how incredible the writing was, the show was filled with so many tense, high-stakes moments. 
Dany flew in at night, totally plausible she wasnt seen
Thank you, perfect summary of all the things that annoyed me about this episode. Came onto reddit expecting dissatisfaction and instead everyone is rating it as their favorite. Feels like I watched a different episode. 
I had all these problems and more. Unfortunately, this kind of stuff ruins these shows for me, and has almost ruined GoT for me as a whole.\n\nIt's a shame. They have amazing actors, sets, costumes, CG...everything really.\n\nIt's quite simply the writing. They've lost their way.
> Ramsay had a clever plan, outsmarted Jon, Jon just foolishly ran at him with no plan whatsoever, then magically wins because of deus ex machina. Very un-Game of thrones\n\nThis. GoT was all about the being good, does not mean you win, juts because you are good. You need to be clever as well. I think it is consequence of show writers having no GRRM books to work with anymore, so they just fall back to traditional TV cliche tropes, which they are used to write. \n
ya man its almost like this fantasy show with magic and zombies isn't realistic enough 
You are trying really hard to dislike this episode and i feel like you are the type of person that can never be pleased. 
You must be fun at parties. 
Rickon running a straight line to be a perfect target, Sansa not telling Jon she can get the army from the Aerie and that they should wait for them, Jon's massive plot armor protecting him from arrows or a trampling death or swordsmen on horses and not even have a minor injury.\n\nIt was a good episode but not really top ten for me since there was no tension.  We didn't really have an attachment to Rickon, even if Jon died he'd probably just get brought back.  Who didn't expect the Aerie's army to show up?\n\nThe one thing out of the ordinary I thought they were heading for was Davos killing the Red Witch and taking away a shot of Jon being revived.\n\nIt was just not great writing during this episode for anyone that pays attention.  Hardhome and many other episodes were far more impactful and amazing to me personally.
So Rickon *should* have run Serpentine, but he's just a little kid and was scared. I don't fault him for his Prometheus run.\n\nI'm actually back to being alright with Sansa not telling Jon. She knew better than \"we\" did that Jon would fuck up and get emotional, so using him and his men as bait to lure out the Bolton forces for the Knights of the Vale was the superior strategic move, even if a lot of wildings had to die for it. I do not think Jon could have been trusted with that information, as much as I wanted him to be just as good at thinking as he is at fighting. \n\nPlenty of people didn't die from the arrows, I think they did a good job of showing that they were random. *Despite* obvious plot armor, I legitimately felt scared and worried for him when he was getting trampled, there was tension for me there. \n\nI agree that we don't care about Rickon, but I was legitimately worried about Tormond, very worried about Davos, and rightfully worried about Wun Wun. \n\nI agree that the Knights of the Vale was a deus ex machina, but I was ok with it. It's not like the show routinely has the good guys win because of a surprise at the end, and it happening this time just makes me more skeptical that it'll happen next time. \n\nI still think I liked Hardhome better, but just because people are hung up on Ayra in Braavos doesn't mean the writing was bad this season. More straightforward, absolutely, but having Sansa join Littlefinger in playing Jon as well as Tyrion talking some sense into Dany were both examples of great writing. Not to mention the fantastic writing for all of Jaime's scenes in episode 8. 
I loved all of it 
So much of this episode was pointless. We establish that Jon is outnumbered, Sansa warns him that he's falling into Ramsey's trap, and Davos drops the little \"aye, but will his men fight for a man they don't respect?\"\n\nFrom an objective point, there's no way the good guys could have really won the battle, so after establishing all these little clues it would've been really nice if they're actually, you know, put to use. Despite \"don't do what he wants you to do,\" Jon basically began the battle in a suicidal charge that should've 100% led to his death (I don't mind the plot armor but it was a bit much), thus establishing that he didn't learn a single thing from Sansa's little conversation. Consequently, Ramsey's plan works flawlessly. We kept getting shots of Ramsey being a cheeky cunt hoping, \"hey maybe Davos is right, what if something happens that causes the Karstarks or Umbers to concede?\" After seeing Ramsey's complete negligence for his own men's lives, I think we could've had a change of heart which could've drastically changed the battle. Whatever happened to The North Remembers? But nope, Davos's comments were completely ignored too. \n\nI don't really care about the little things e.g. Rickon should've zig zagged, Wun Wun needed a weapon, or shit like that. The trampling shot was fantastically well done, Wun Wun's solo siege was great, Tormund's lil stabby bitey move was fucking awesome. But overall, they set up all these little clues about this battle being nearly unwinnable and made it seem like Jon might actually do something smart about it, but nope, he didn't learn a thing and essentially lost the battle for his men until surprise cavalry, the Knights of the fucking Machina roll in.
The Sansa conversation was for us to understand her motivation for keeping the Knights of the Vale form Jon. She knew enough that Jon would get played by Ramsay and that conversation is her last test of Jon. She ultimately decides that he'd squander the Knights, and so she makes the call to use Jon as bait to lure out the Boltons so her Knights of the Vale could win the battle. \n
I thought some of the dialogue towards the beginning of the episode was awkward and didn't work well
Is that a nardwuar reference? Doot doot!
I really thought he was going to be flayed, but the death needed to be something in front of Jon to toy with him and I'm going to assume that removing a person's skin takes time. 
I thought when he threw the wolf head down it would be rickon's hand, or something icky.
i also like the short clip, where after Rickon death Ramsay order his archers to shoot, and more arrow hitting his dead corpse. 
Jon lost thousands of men.  That isn't a consequence?  Do you really think Jon won't be emotionally disturbed?  Jon has blamed himself for much less in the past, Jon will be wrought with guilt and likely learn from what happened during the battle.
Wun Wun died.
Wun Wun died afterwards in Winterfell. And still a small price to pay considering the Starks had been Cannae'd by the Boltons.  
It doesn't strike me based on what I saw that anyone would talk to her or anyone else for that matter about that.
Exactly!
The happy beagle was predictable and cliche, there was no twist.
What is wrong with a cool cavalry charge? Sure it's a little deus ex machina but an acceptable one since it was heavily hinted it was going to happen...
Have you considered though that things become predictable because what makes for \"good\" television is predictable?\n\nI honestly thought Ramsey was going to win, try to burn Jon alive because he's Ramsey, and Jon was gonna be like \"sup yall, I'm a Targaryen, GLHF.\"
Well, yeah that would've been an amazing twist actually. I definitely wouldn't have expected something like that to happen... That leads nicely to my point though - unexpected stuff is awesome!\n\nAt least that's my opinion, I love massive twists that, as a viewer, I'm not able to predict. Even if they are horrific I'm still pleased because I'm not left stroking my ego whilst thinking to myself \"yes, I could've come up with that\". \n\nIt works both ways though, sometimes unexpected events come up and we think \"that's stupid, it didn't make sense\". And inversely, as you said, predictable things can, at times, be executed incredibly well - see this episode. \n\n
Because Game of Thrones is known for battles going well? Come off it
Too bad any comments on who weak the story was in both this episode or season 6 gets downvoted into the abyss. 
>bookworm trash hipster nerd with no lyfe that hates fun\n\nYou said it, not us
what i actually meant is that anyone who liked this episode is a disgusting normie who could be entertained by a red laserpoint.\n\n
You get downvoted by the same people that agreed with you after e08.
This has happened quite a bit in the history books as well. 
> Jon being magically missed by the arrows was a bit annoying but he others make sense.\n\nIt's not that absurd. Most of the arrows were shot into the entire army, and since Ramsay's was bigger he was actually shooting more of his own men than Jon's. Medieval archery squads weren't used to pick off individual warriors, they rained arrows above and hoped for the best. Plenty of people lived through it.
Yeah but there was a point where arrows rained down directly on his position, and they all landed like 6in-1ft away from him.
Haters gonna hate.
Preview gave away Davos near the pyre, but they didn't give away hunting game with Rickon, Ramsay's grinning when dying, Wun Wun dying, etc. You can argue that some of that was predictable, but still.
I believe he knew she was dead the moment he saw Melisandre solemnly enter Caste Black. He asked, and she sort of gave a sad/I failed kind of look. I don't believe he knew that Shireen, however, was burned alive until now.
Yes, however I don't think they dig that deep when writing their short descriptions. They probably meant Shireen, although he obviously knew about or at least guessed her fate.
No, he already knew she was dead, he just didn't know how she died.  Now he does.
well.. to be fair I don't think anything will top the storytelling on that episode. lol
I think story>effects so ozymandias is a masterpiece in every way. But this episode was the best thing GoT had produced in 3 seasons. 
That's how I feel. The action was fucking visceral, and I'm glad they made the battle completely horrifying and never hinted at anything heroic and glorious. (Except Wun Wun but that's okay because Wun Wun *is* a fucking hero.)\n\nHowever, I personally prefer episodes that are heavier on intrigue, plotting and politics. The battle was great but for me the payoff will be when we see how much power Sansa can actually retain and how much goes straight to Littlefinger.
I was glad that we got some politics and intrigue in Mereen, finally. This was the best Tyrion/Daenerys plotting interaction we have seen and it played out very nicely. It wasn't as deep as other stuff, but it was fruit we have been waiting to see for a long time.
I think GoT is past its prime storytelling wise so I was actually happy to be swept away in the action. 
I really think it doesn't make sense to compare them.  This was, hands-down, the best action I've ever seen in an episode of TV.  Ozymandias was some of the best storytelling.  They each did different things, and they did it very well.
\"You're the smartest man I ever met. And you're too stupid to see... He made up his mind 10 minutes ago.\"
I think he's saying that even people with double digits IQ are all Einsteins compared to the IMDB message boards, who are presumably so thick they're in single digits. 
With the arrows I'm referring to when Jon was charging alone and his horse was hit. It's absolutely absurd that he was left unscathed after that. \nAnd that was not like a clever pincer movement, they literally just turned their sides to the Starks and marched around them in a U shape. I mean unless the show is trying to make a statement at how inept Jon is as a commander and his army is as fighters it's ridiculous. They just stood there watching it happen.\n\nAnd I understand why they didn't include Ghost, but I wish they would have at least given it a line or something. \"Sansa Ghost needs to stay with you, I won't let you die,\" or something like that. 
True true. The explanation I've found for Jons luck is that Shireen was sacrificed for the victory of the Azor Ahai over the Boltons, thinking Stannis was the Azor Ahai, but instead it was for Jon. Which isn't quite how I'd like it to be but it seems plausible
I've got a better idea. How about you not extend you own enjoyment of the show to everyone else involved. If people didn't enjoy it as much as you did, you're just going to have to learn how to deal with that. The show's lost it's magic because the wizard who cultivates all the sharp dialogue and clever twists and turns is not really a factor any more. The show runners are struggling to fill in the gaps. And it's not new. I'd say 65-70% of the material over the past two seasons has really become predictable and/or sloppy. The writing is the worst culprit. This episode was well-directed, but he can only do so much with what's on the table with the script. \n\nIt's like listening to someone who isn't funny tell a joke you know is really funny, but because of the delivery, the joke doesn't work. 
I'm not a mindless follower, that's for damned sure.
Oh, good one. Abstract comments like this really show why you must be such a big fan of the show now. Lack of insight.
In what universe was that an abstraction, lmfao? Do you even know what the word abstract means?
Holy shit. Great catch! haha
I didn't catch, someone else did and I can't remember their username, they posted a gif of it.
Everyone has been praising he fight cinematography but I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time. In terms of story is was so fucking predictable and the writing was lazy. I almost turned it off at that scene were Sansa keeps yelling at Jon \"YOU DONT KNOW RAMSEY LIKE I KNOW HIM\" over and over and over. Dany surprises everyone with her dragons again. Jon magically escapes death multiple times. Nothing interesting happened this episode. Everything we thought would happen, happened. Which is fine, that doesn't make it a bad episode, but people are calling this the best episode of the season and even series. I'd give it a C-
I respect your opinion but with attitude like this, I cannot imagine you really enjoy watching Game of Thrones. 
> I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time\n\nintended, to represent the pure chaos of battle to the audience.\n\n> story is was so fucking predictable\n\nirrelevant. watch battle from Jon's pov. there's nothing predictable about it then. stop being an audience member and become part of the battle.\n\n> writing was lazy\n\nvague and easy criticism without supporting statements.\n\n> I almost turned it off at that scene\n\nsounds like you should find a hobby you prefer more?\n\n> Dany surprises everyone with her dragons again\n\nit wasn't a surprise, she arrived last ep with the dragon. was pretty clear.\n\n> Jon magically escapes death multiple times.\n\nthis is fine. first, he's a naturally talented fighter with years of experience in training and fighting for his life. second, he's being watched by the Lord of Light. that's gotta come in handy during a battle...\n\n> Nothing interesting happened this episode. \n\ni guess you're just trolling? pretty ridiculous statement to make. Dany saves her city, gets a fleet, makes new allies, forgives/forges stronger friendship/respect with Tyrion. The Starks retake Winterfell and by extension, the entire North (a Kingdom). ok, not interesting?\n\n> Everything we thought would happen, happened.\n\nno, just a small number of specific things that seem bigger deals than they are. the repercussions will play out in unexpected ways, i'm sure.\n\n> but people are calling this the best episode of the season and even series.\n\npeople are calling it (one of) the best episodes of television ever. you're on the wrong side of history, champ.
Fair enough! It's too bad that it wasn't your cup of tea.
Story-wise, this whole episode is a big redemption after all the butthurt we experienced from Ramsay.\nYou might as well comment to the part when Theon got turned into Reek \"Wow another gore for shock value\" or another piss on another episode like when the wildlings attacked the wall. Quite pointless.\n\nThe point is that's how the story goes, Jon Snow's freefolk army gets surrounded and the armies of Vale rides to save them. As well as in Danaerys' storyline, he uses the dragons and her new khalasar to take Meereen. Flying fire-spewing beasts against a wooden fleet, and a horde of mongols against the master's soldiers, that's already a definite win, considering that dragons are very agile and can survive a number of arrow shots.\n\nThe whole criteria on the film should be on how well they portrayed the scenes, and they're not lacking. Also this, \"I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time\", we had a very different experience on this episode, because I'm pretty sure I followed around 90% if not more of the scenes. I believe it shows your level of comprehension. Not only that, they portrayed Jon Snow perfectly with real suspense and other elements to viewers.\n\nAnyway, the story is good as long as it's interesting and consistent (unlike Arya's belly), and so far the story keeps up to viewer's interest and the episode lived up to the hype.
Have you ever been to Reddit before? The downvote button is an \"I don't agree with your opinion\" button in most subs, even when expressly labeled otherwise. Can't be a hive-mind with dissenting opinions.
Ok I guess the characters are just stupid then.... It seems to be in Stark blood - Jon not telling people from the NW about Whitewalkers resulting in him getting killed. Arya going sightseeing in bravoos when there are assasins going after her. Sansa not telling important information to the commander. Jon not following his own plans and getting baited.\n\nWell the thing is though if all the characters act stupid then how the hell am I supposed to root for them and feel for them ?\n\nIs trusting Petyr Baelish smart thing to do ? Nope, not really. But its not like you have a choice. And its not like they plan had to rely on Petyr 100% like Neds did.\n
They're not stupid, they're complex. They make mistakes. People complain about being predictable and plot armor but then they want flawless characters out of no where? 
My problem isnt that *there has* to be a twist, my problem is that if there is going to be a twist at least make it a GOOD one, not some expected shit like another \"Ride of Rohirrim\", if they wanted all along for LF to come help, why not from the beggining? Why not make Sansa's character a bit more wise and accept LF's help from the beggining? My problem is that they tried to make an unexpected twist, and instead made an obvious one.
It wasn't meant to be a twist. They showed Sansa writing Littlefinger for help last episode. Sansa didn't want to accept Littlefinger's help because she knows the man, he didn't do that just because he's a good guy, eventually he will have his rewards. Littlefinger is not the kind of man that helps another without expecting something in return. She asked him for help when she realized they were going to lose because they didn't have the men. She didn't admit it to Jon because she's ashamed to ask Littlefinger for help after what he did to her. Even Brianne asked Sansa why she didn't tell Jon that she met Littlefinger in Mole Town and that he gave her the information about the Blackfish: the show is \"aware\" that Sansa is acting this way with Littlefinger. After she wrote him, he didn't reply, she didn't know when Littlefinger was coming, it could be that day, next week, or next month, and Jon wasn't going to wait that time.
My problem isnt that it *needs* a twist, my problem is that if they are going to make a twist, at least make it a good one. It would be fine for me if there was no twist at all and they made Sansa's character a bit more wise and have her accept LF's help from the begging, that would be better. But this? Another motherfuckin \"Ride of Rohirrim\"?! This was so painfully obvious it really got to me. Poor producing.
Ramsay also had archers separating Jon from his army. Lets not kid ourselves, that archers isn't why Jon charged forward.  It was a prime example of characters doing stupid things to create a dramatic moment. 
i maybe worded wrong, but that's literally what i meant, ramsey is seperating JON from JON's army...
Don't indulge them. Anyone who uses that many exclamation points can't be trusted.
[deleted]
I don't think the circle was lame, it's pretty representative of medieval tactics - if you can cut off all escape routes and press into your enemy, that's the ideal offensive attack. And ngl, \"squintier eyes for more seriousness\" come off it, if you're looking into the distance/keeping rain out of your eyes/really pissed off at someone then you squint, do you just have a really unexpressive face? 
Using old Roman battle tactics is lame?
This was an actual tactic Hannibal used, lol.\n\nBUT TOTALLY HOLLYWOOD.
Not being corny and too over the top
Supremely insightful, you are.
I have learned all now.
you blind, sheeply fucks...
Digging yourself a hole there, mate
You do realize there's an EDIT button, don't you? Or are you actually just used to talking to yourself?
Do downvotes actually make you *that* angry?
Rough day?
grounds for ~~eviction~~murder
Cop: How did this man die?!\n\nYou: He was poisoned by his enemies. 
If I was in the jury, I wouldnt convict him
Let's invite the guy to a wedding, as an *honorable* guest
\"I claim the Game of Thrones defense!\"
[deleted]
then plenty of people don't know what good cinematography looks like. 
The Sandsnakes are inexplicably in Winterfell. They assassinate Jon while he stands over Ramsay's bloodied body. They hiss at Sansa and call her a bitch. They teleport away.
It is, after all, what Oberyn would've wanted. You know, after they murdered his family.
Fucking hackers. Report them to a mod
Laughed out loud at teleporting bit
Oh my god, you're a monster. You're actually a bigger monster than Ramsey. 
Yeah, and fuck the TOJ flashbacks, I want Bran to show us Oberyn taking Obara to court.
Or better yet, Ned gets to the top of the tower only to be stabbed through the back of his head with a spear by a sandsnake. And then they make some cringy little quip like \"you are such a dirty bitch!\" Before giggling and walking away. Credits roll, and that's the last we see in season 6.
Nice troll 10/10
I literally scowled until I got to \"sandsnakes\" and then started laughing. 
Beware. They are back for the next episode. They are on the cast list. 
I'd rage.
They are in the cast for the next episode.
OMG I miss the sisters so much, the highlight of this season so far!\n\n/s
Schroedinger's Critic
really annoying when self annointed critics try channeling reality tv food critics on Yelp!
You're a talker.
Watch a different show then, and try sounding less smug. You'll asphyxiate if you head goes any farther up you ass.\n\nI'm guessing you don't like Saving Private Ryan either.
A bit off topic here. I've never actually seen Saving Private Ryan but I freakin' loved this episode. Should I watch it?
There's much to the show beyond battle scenes, though.
Your username is perfect haha
Oh wow. I didn't even notice till you mentioned it haha. Good catch lol
Upvoted solely for your username :D 
four years of it, too. username checks out.
I like how we licked him
[deleted]
I like to imagine Jon, Davos, and Tormund talking behind Ramsay's back like high school girls
Maybe when Sansa got dibs on killing Ramsay, she took a poll of ideas on how to carry it out and someone helpfully pointed out \"You know, he did say his hounds haven't eaten in seven days...\"
I noticed this when I re-watched it. I don't think many people would have caught it the first time around.
Yeah that's what happened with me. It had no significance the first time around so you don't notice it, but then on the next watch, you notice she isn't there. 
There's a gap in time, from when Jon is beating on Ramsay, to when Ramsay is tied-up in his own kennels.  Sansa asks Jon: \"Where is he?\".  From that cut, we can just assume that he told her about Ramsay's 7 days threat, and that's why he had him secured in the kennels.
And I can't imagine the fierceness of the hounds that are the pure book readers. Those are the dire-fans. Sad part is, they might end up never fed again, in the worst case scenario. (Welp, hopefully not.)
But people do dumb things even in the most dire situations in real life. 
Agreed, I thought it was very real. Many of his like to think we'd be rational, level-headed, and accept the fact our little brother was about to die. In real life, I think most of us would do what Jon did and try and save our family, even if it is guaranteed to be a failure. Especially when taking into account Jon thinks that Rickon and Sansa are the only two family members he has left alive. \n\nDumb move? Definitely. But a move I think most would make.
That was beyond dumb. He's going to leave his entire army behind and hack through thousands of men by himself so he can get to Ramsey and avenge his brother? He might as well just run off a cliff. 
That was why Jon needed Sam to stop him leaving the Wall after Robb's death.
He wasn't trying to 1v1 the entire army. He rode out at full speed to try and save his brother. Archers killed his horse and Jon fell. You don't run away from a calvary charge, the best Jon could do with the situation he put himself in was fight til he died. 
> Archers killed his horse and Jon fell.\n\nYeah, after he charged them 1v1...\n\nI'm not talking about when he rode out to his brother, I'm talking about after that. \n\n>You don't run away from a calvary charge\n\nYou can when you have a horse and a 200 yard head start. Jon was the first one to charge anyways. 
I thought it was poorly written. Yes effects and cinematography was amazing (not as good as the battle for the wall I'm but brilliant). The writing left alot to be desired. Jon is smarter than that. He came off as totally hotheaded. And impulsive.  Which he isn't. He let the wildlings through the wall against everyones opinion he could see the bigger picture for example. Sansa warned him about the tricks and that's clearly what letting rickon run was. A trick. I can't imagine GRRM would've written the battle that way. I fear that the writing is going to suffer now that it's diverged from the books and they don't have a general plot line to follow. I hope I'm wrong. \n\nThe ending was good though with Sansa getting her revenge and Dany and Tyrions part was awesome too. She rocks. 
Agreed, some of the best direction and cinematography ever, but everything else was business as usual.
Right. This episode was like the pinnacle of the medieval battle type action sequence. Better than anything similar I've seen in that format. Compare it to Hardhome, which was just like - WTF, I don't even know what's going to happen next. Everything we saw in Battle of the Bastards was a mix of some battle scene we've seen before albeit done with perfect execution. 
I for one, am not a fan of shaky camera action scenes. Can't tell what the hell is going on. Sure it's a metaphor for the battle, where no one can tell what going on. I'd much rather have a battle like \"The watchers on the wall\" s04e06 the battle at castle black. Where you have nice long steady cam shots. Where good and bad are blurred. Where you don't have the bad guy, in this case Ramsey, sitting at the edge twirling his mustache. No one is coming to help, so you use every resource you have. You fight logically and tactically, because god in the machine does not exist.
Exept for the Giant..
We ain't seen a cavalry charge like that. Ever. It looked something out of Return of the King.
[deleted]
I think because in each of the episodes you mention, the events were surprises (obviously if you haven't read the books) \n\nWe knew this battle was coming for like 8+ episodes now. 
I don't read the sub regularly, so please forgive me if there's a clear consensus. But are e5-7 generally considered extremely strong? I thought 6 and 7 bordered on boring. Overall the season has felt rather weak. A whole lot of treading water, it's felt like (the list of developments and events may be very long, but it doesn't *feel* it). What's the general opinion?
I might have to read some of his other reviews then. Here it feels like he's nitpicking at seemingly unimportant details though. To me the whole \"war is all but glorious\" theme rises miles high above it all. Some writing might have been off, but this is the first time a tv show actually left me a bit overwhelmed.
Yeah, like I said, I was surprised to his review as the sole negative one on the RT page.  I don't know when he became \"famous\" as a critic but I remember my first time reading his stuff was during Breaking Bad and that show thrived on its attention to detail so I can understand why some of the smaller details might irk him. 
Or perhaps you are incapable of understanding rhetoric
this is not an answer.\nthis is just some vague bullshit.\nplease tell me about the very complicated \"rhetoric\" I didn't understand
What the fuck is your problem troll?
I don't know if it was how they shot it or if it was because Littlefinger and the cavalry arriving was just TOO predictable (it happened with the Dothraki earlier in the episode, with Stannis north of the wall, and with Tywin and the Tyrells at KL) and overdone at this point.  I wanted to see Wun wun smashing a tree into the Bolton army, I didn't want Jon to play right into what Ramsay wanted, the ending was great with Jon Tormund, and Wun wun charging winterfell, but the battle itself just didn't do it for me.  The action was cool but it seemed very....lost almost.  Maybe that's what they were going for with Jon really not knowing what was going on but it seemed sort of just like a cool action scene compilation rather than a well written story this episode. Which was good don't get me wrong but I don't think it would be in my top 5 episodes. 
> The action was cool but it seemed very....lost almost.  Maybe that's what they were going for with Jon really not knowing what was going on but it seemed sort of just like a cool action scene compilation rather than a well written story this episode. \n\nYES! My reaction exactly. That's what I felt was off, I think. 
I'm not defending the way they set it up, but Littlefinger arriving may have been predictable because you literally watch Sansa request his help a few episodes before. We knew he was coming because... we were told he was coming.
If you watch the actual battle itself, you realize that most of it consisted of a couple minutes of really zoomed in intense fighting scenes where you can't really tell what is happening in the larger scheme of the battle. Then, there is the shield wall scene followed by the stampede. That was pretty much it. There really wasn't that much of a battle. It felt like they zoomed in too much and everyone died too quickly.
Yeah, they were doing a Jon POV I think. It was different from, say, Watchers on the Wall episode.
fair doos! for me it was just too intentionally-negative - seemed like he disliked it on purpose and refused to enjoy many of the great moments of the episode. you're right tho, the show's original strength was never its large-scale battle scenes. That said, as we approach the end of the story, i'm sure we'll see a couple more - it's just an inherent part of the crescendo of an epic tale.
I'm sorry you had to suffer through this whole episode. You must have been miserable through all that action. \n\n\nLike, we rarely get episodes like this. You'd think people could just sit back and enjoy something like that. Sorry there weren't a ton of unexpected twists. Sometimes things just need to play out and are just straightforward and full of action. And it was done extremely well here.
>I'm sorry you had to suffer through this whole episode. You must have been miserable through all that action. \n\nWhy are you so salty? People can criticize the show once in a while dammit 
The critics are being overwhelmed by a glut of writers who need something to write about, and so they take up contrarian positions to attract attention and controversy. No one wants to read 600 words of gushing praise anymore, but they'll at least click in to leave an angry comment if you nitpick. \nNot that the episode was perfect, but some of the complaints are just silly. The Sansa hate in particular is gratingly dumb in the larger scheme of things.
I'll let you know as soon as I find a reason to give a shit about Rickon, given how much of a nonentity he's been...
Sure we've barely seen him, but he's still a Stark and (at least supposed to be) a little kid. Does not showing up on the show disqualify him from our sympathy as he's literally running from arrows being shot at him from behind?
Or Wun Wun?
I would argue that we've had several seasons of buildup, ever since Ramsay took Winterfell.
> I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nThat's fair. When I feel like that, though, I step back and remember\n\n>GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years\n\nand it usually feels forgivable.\n\nNow, The Walking Dead (show) = another story.
yeah more like short-sighted
It's causing as much casualities as possible on the enemy side, but the immoral part is that it also causes as much casualties as possible on the same side.
Most causalties as possible on enemy side is letting them charge into your heavy infantry then using your cavalry on the flanks or rear as the heavy infantry holds them in place. Ramsay charged because he was trying to catch Jon before his troops could get to him. 
Because the shield circle was the last of his non-reserve forces (castle defenders). The calvary reinforcements destroyed them in seconds because they had no room to regroup
Shamefur dispray! 
Cravens! Your warriors flee!
Wun Wun's battle tactics annoyed me so much, but what pissed me off more was the wildlings standing around with their thumbs up their asses watching Wun Wun fail to breach the phalanx. If they attacked the point of the phalanx that was occupied by fighting a fucking giant, they could've collapsed one side and flanked the rest. Not that they had the manpower to win at that point, but still.
What I found more annoying that he didn't bring a log :(
Pretty sure there were double or triple lines of spears for instances just like that.
Why didn't he grab one pike and swing it down the line? 
They could have used the swords to cut the spears in half
Because spears and shields?
He was able to scoop guys up at will.He even could have used that guy he broke in half as a club. Further, why didn't he bring a huge club??
THANK YOU. Wun Wun coulda ran through the wall and fucked them up, exposing their backs, but instead he swatted at spears and got stabbed until Little Finger shows up and he decides to grab a shield and fuck people up. I was also so surprised how much Wun Wun focused on one person in battle at-a-time when he could easily sweep several people with ease. Felt so wasteful.
To a degree. You can't micro manage each individual soldier (as far as I'm aware, I've not played any of the more recent ones) however what I used to do was split my army into different sections. Send one down the middle while the other two went down the left and right flanks, and when they were in position I'd split off a few more battalions from the two flanks and have them meet between the enemy army and attack from behind.\n\nConquered most of Europe as England using that strategy.
You're doing better than [valyrian steel](https://redd.it/4owv6r)
Yes, and then the Romans used his trick against him at Zama.
Surrounding your enemy isn't a tactic that Hannibal invented, and the way he completed his envelopment of the Romans shared no similarity to the way Ramsay did. I'm trying to understand what you people are talking about.
Sort of. At Cannae the Carthiginians allowed the center to be pushed back in order to draw the existing lines around the aggressive Romans who would sense weakness and overpursue the center. It was Jon's original plan he talked about with Davos, not Ramsay's. 
I think so yes
For me BotB takes the cake, but WotW is a *very* close second. I loved Hardhome, but I prefer man-on-man ( \u0361\u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u00b0)\n\nIt's a shame they didn't have such a huge budget for Blackwater. The battle was epic, but imagine if they had the budget of BotB for it.
It would've been amazing. Probably show tywins army arriving
Hardhome > Hardhorne > Hardholm\n\nAm I missing a meme or did we just misspell Hardhome differently three times in one thread?
The BotB was better than any battle scene in any movie/show ive ever seen
Hardhome had too much CGI, I didn't like the wights. BoTB was way better for me.
No red wedding? Blasphemy. 
Oh it's up there, don't get me wrong. It just doesn't make my top 3. Tell you what, friend: I'll extend my list to a top 5, just for you:\n\n1. Hardhome\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n3. The Watchers on the Wall\n4. The Rains of Castamere\n5. Blackwater
I agree 100%
[This shot](http://imgur.com/9wEaZAH) was definitely what stood out for me. Cinematography was literally breathtaking.
> Battle of the B's\n\nDid they fight with... BB guns?
BB8 vs (Jar Jar) Binks
Battle of the Battletoads.
Damn autobalance always ruining games right before the end. 
random wildling #15 almost had the payload at the ships 
Not even close. Nights King had over 20x + the manpower of what was left inside the fort. Most of the wildlings were escaping on ship and only the men of the NE and a few wildlings were there to hold the gate. Both sides here had massive casualties albeit Jon having more since he fell into Ramsey's trap and also had fewer men but they still fought an actual battle.
there will be enough dragons
As long as none of them turn into dragon-wights, sure.
It will be a long night indeed 
I was pointing this out to someone last night, predictability isn't necessarily a bad thing. My go-to example is Lord of the Rings, nobody goes into Return of the King thinking \"Oh shit I sure hope Sauron doesn't win!\" We all know the heroes are gonna beat him somehow, that doesn't make LotR any less amazing.
Not that I completely disagree with you but do we know that Frodo is going to fail to destroy the ring?  That it's only because of Gollum that Sauron is destroyed?  No, even though it was foreshadowed and set up thousands of pages before we're surprised by how things go down.  That's the extra level of writing that sets the great fiction apart.  Someone else mentioned the Red Wedding farther down that's another great example.  
In fact if you keep ignoring where the story is clearly supposed to go in favor of *surprise!* you end up with a really shitty story without consequences.  
This is exactly why I didn't like Lord of the Rings :/
TV just doesn't really impact me. These things have a very hard time drawing me in.\n\nThe scene with the horses running at Jon, I was feeling shit stir in my pants and the scene with him being trampled actually made me anxious.\n\nI've never had that happen.
\"surprise fetishism\" would turn me off as well.\n\n
Just look at Arya. The most unpredictable thing happened (based on /r/gameofthrones ) and everyone was pissed. \n\nYesterday was clearly one of the best, if not the best, episode of all the series.
> Plus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. \n\nWas anyone else surprised how Yara and Theon just teleported into Dany's court room without even a scene of them arriving in Mereen or being let in? It certainly caught me off guard, I was stunned for a good five seconds.
I was telling my friend, last night's episode was so good it actually made me mad at the amount of waste we have in the show with storylines not actually progressing.  Like what the hell were we doing with Yara and Theon the past season when they advanced it so nicely last night?
[deleted]
Again, surprising doesn't equal good.  Surprising would be Ramsay surrendering and swearing fealty to Jon and he accepts and it turns out Umber was controlling Ramsay the whole time with mind worms. \n\nSurprising... but also shit.\n\nThis episode was about the horror of war.  It worked because it wasn't trying to surprise us... it was trying to affect us emotionally thru inevitability.
For the record I didn't expect Wun Wun to last the first 5 minutes of the battle. If I was a Bolton soldier and I saw that on the enemy team I'd focus a hell of a lot of my attacks at the giant that could(and did) rip a man in half. So seeing him make it to the gates of Winterfell was pretty awesome. \n\nI also was not sure who was gonna win at first. The way Jon was like 'I've faced worse than Ramsay Bolton' made it seem like he was too cocky and it would be his(and his men's) downfall. Sure, I knew Rickon was gonna die but I had no idea how. Nor did I expect Davos to make it(after seeing the pyre). \n\nSo while it was predictable(if you were like me and spent the last 7 days on this subreddit) it was still my favorite episode of the show. The choreography and cinematography and score were perfect. If I had to have a 'Top 3' for this show it would definitely be 1)Battle of the Bastards 2)Hardhome 3)Battle for Castle Black 
The way it played out made a lot more sense, just because it would have been dramatic to see them betray the Boltons, doesn't mean it would have been better. 
agreed. 
Do you think it will play out much differently in the books, or will that be cliche too?
what the fuck are you talking about?\nwhy wouldn't it be cliche just because it's in the books?\nyou don't even make sense
What's wrong with using Cliches? \n\nCliches are not bad, when done right. I could watch the most cliche horror movie on the planet (some real teenagers in a cabin somewhere shit), done right it could be amazing. 
because this show usually has very interesting writing.\nif I want cliches, I watch CBS
[deleted]
[deleted]
> it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute\n\nMaybe because they practically told us that the Vale would turn up, on multiple occasions. \n\nYou're talking as if the Vale turning up was intended to be a surprise, when it clearly wasn't. We even see Sansa writing a letter, intended obviously for the Vale. 
So obvious. Not in any way exciting. And the fact that they kept Sansa's letter a secret purely as a device to try and make it exciting only exacerbated the cringe for me. Sansa and Jon are both idiots.
If the show foreshadows or hints at something then it's predictable and boring. If the show does not hint at something or foreshadow an event then everyone screams \"Deus ex machina!\" or \"Bad writing!\".
I think you need to look up the definition of ex machina, because Littlefinger showing up wasn't that at all. You may not have liked him and his army saving the day, but they were setup WAY earlier in the season on multiple occasions. Deus Ex Machina would be more like if the Dornish randomly showed up with an army and saved the day.
Why the hell did you get down voted? I brought it back up because it's pretty obvious this sub has no idea what deus ex machina means since I see it being thrown around all the time.\n\nLittle fingers army was previously set up to come with sansas letter earlier in the season, how is that deus ex machina? This sub gets intolerable at times when they just repeat like parrots
Anything over 7.8 is generally worth watching.
Most things rarely settle down nowadays. And I am not saying RT is better. RT is different tho, since it asks simply did you like it or not? And you have a critics vote and viewer vote. So 100% on RT just means everyone liked it.\n
The critic ratings on rotten tomatoes are usually awful.
Well, everybody's a critic.
They rate it good for being such a bad movie. 
At the end of the day, if it's an enjoyable movie it should get a rating or review that represent that, even if it's a stupid film.
I don't think neuroscience gives someone an expertise on media arts or statistics.
I agree. I mean, I could see him studying how much enjoyment people feel from the episodes, but quality..?
I'm not really explaining it well, and it was like 3 years ago.  I worked in a computational lab at the time, and I can confirm that he was very well versed in statistics.  Here's his blog: http://pensees.pascallisch.net/  \n\nHe also wrote a book called Matlab for Neuroscientists\n\nEDIT: here's the patent I think he was talking about https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2008073633
How was Quality measured, considering that's a highly subjective thing?
It was something he mentioned at lunch one day.  It wasn't my project so I didn't look that much into it.  There was a really clever statistical scheme behind it, but all I remember was that imdb was the best performing website under that scheme.
I'm not questioning you man, I'm just somewhat doubtful of what neuroscience can contribute to the field of how accurate are IMDB, RT, and MetaCritic.
I think that there was some psychology research involved, but I don't know where he published it.
I stand corrected. Sorry about that
This was probably the weakest moment of the show for me. They built up Arya beautifully in prior seasons but once she got to Braavos that was when the story slumped. It's like they knew what the journey would be like to get to \"badasshood\" then they got there and were like... \"Let's make her a blind beggar, that'll teach her how to get strong\" and I just saw her get shit on. I was expecting like a Batman Begins montage of her failing and succeeded, chronicling her growth.\n\nThat was the weakest part for me. It feels like Arya hasn't grown up.
Happy Cake-day, though.
This season is like the season that saves the show. Bear with me. \n\nThey're emptying the SS Unfinished Plotlines. All those subplots are getting tied up in a little bow. I wonder if Gendry shows up any time soon.\n\nThey're connecting the plotlines. Daeneris is making friends with people who never met her before. It's like two or three different shows are finally one show for the first time.\n\nAnd they're consolidating characters and plots. Jon Snow's battle to save the world is now Sansa's battle for Winterfell is now Davos' struggle to do what's right is now Petyr Baelish's battle for control is now Brienne's struggle to love Jamie Lannister.... Theon Greyjoy's struggle to be a man and have a family is now Daeneris's struggle to retake Westeros and the Iron Throne is now Tyrion's struggle to be reasonable in the middle of a psychotic war... and then there's all the crap going on in the Red Keep. Now the show is in five pieces (the Hound and Arya remaining) instead of twelve.\n\nFuck Dorne. 
tl;dr: fuck dorne\n
Some would say they were wild and free
Nonsense, they were a well-trained military force deeply versed in complex and choreographed warfare.
Honestly I think that those two episodes were also a bit better. Don't get me wrong, this was some of the best CGI and action I've ever seen in GoT or television and I enjoyed every single minute of it. Both battles were epic, the acting was good and it was all amazing done, but Hardhome and Rains of Castamere were more original, less predicable and had more intrigue. I expected something like Lord Manderly to show up or that Umbers turned against Ramsey when he was shooting at his own men, but nothing like that happened, it was a clich\u00e9 Gandalf with the Rohirrim twist. \n\nI would rate Rains of Castamere a 10/10, and this episode a 9,5/10. But it's still in my top 5 GoT episodes nevertheless.
Less predictable than Hardhome? Like you didn't know Jon, Wun Wun and a bunch of others would safely make it to the boats? Or, are you referring to not knowing the undead army would show up there? I don't think predictability plays that much of a role in grading those episodes. BotB wasn't really set up to be some sort of unpredictable spectacle. They gave hints as to what was going to happen (Sansa sending a letter to LF, her telling Jon that Rickon was basically a dead man walking, Mel's visions of her walking on the battlements of Winterfell with Bolton banners coming down). The way it was done was amazing and satisfying, and we're left to wonder what happens in the aftermath. You don't need some sort of wild plot twist to make a great story.
As much as the Umbers disliked Ramsey, when did they have an opportunity to actually turn against him? \n\nI think they tried to play it like the Lannister's did back in the day. Wait it out, see a victor emerging, and side with them in order to secure \"safety\". \n\nUnfortunately for the Umbers, it really looked like the Bolton's would win the battle of the bastards, so the Umbers did not betray Ramsey. Queue the arrival of the Knights of the Vale, and suddenly the Umbers are *seriously* regretting their decision. 
I agree with this. I expect this episode to end up around 9.9 or 9.8 when it gets closer to 50,000 votes. It's brilliantly directed, wonderfully made, but Hardhome and The Rains of Castamere hit harder in a way.
I agree, while Battle of the Bastards was fucking awesome, I think Rains of Castamere is one of the greatest episodes of television ever produced.
This has got to be the dumbest Game of Thrones argument I've ever heard\n\n\"I feel Hardome is a 9.9 and BotB is. 10.0\"\n\n\"You sir are are fucking idiot, clearly it's the other way around\"
Much better, not just a bit
Why does everyone think they know better? It isn't your story or your world, you don't know what the plot is or what the narrative goals are. Not everything needs Shakespearean intrigue to be \"good\". Intrigue for the sake of intrigue leads to bad and tired television.
The thing is that it doesn't matter what we think. Obviously a rational person doesn't rate things like IMDb and IGN do. IMDb users rate an episode 10 of its great and 9 if it's okay, and they rate it 1 if it's anything below that. Since BotB was so hyped and since it was pretty great, I'm sure it'll get 9.9/10
9.5? Get the fuck out of here
I like fans like you, not blinded by bias and hype.\n\nIt's so difficult to have conversations with people about this show anymore, because no one wants to look at the negative aspects at all, fantastic episode but not a 10/10.
THANK YOU! Someone here agrees that this Ride of Rohirrim was expected and they failed at making an interesting twist like the ones you mention, it sickens me people were surprised because that tells me they havent been paying atention to the show they supposedly love so much...
Danny's acting definitely sucked, on that tower talking about surrender. Her face was forced. And the riding the dragons is so tacky. Because of that I give it 9.9.   
And Rains of Castamere was quite fucking sad that I'd think some people voted it bad but if that survives I have no doubt in mind that it will fall below that.
I'll admit things don't look good for me at the moment. But it's not done yet. 
So far. I'm playing to long game here. 
How long is that ? :D
I still think Ozymandias is better. That was the culmination of 60 episodes of storyline reaching a climax. Every single scene hits at the exact point it should. That's a fucking masterpiece episode of TV. I've seen a lot of the 'best' shows but yet, that episode went and created its own notch of greatness. I don't think anything from any other series compares, and Breaking Bad isn't even my favourite show. Six Feet Under, The Shield, The Wire, The Sopranos, Mad Men, Game of Thrones... all shows with amazing hours of television, but I still think Ozymandias stands atop.
Completely agree. I will always use Ozymandias as the yardstick by which to measure these things. 
I agree, but I would say that this episode is the culmination of all the hurt on Starks all show. It was payback and although I knew what was going to happen it was perfect. We shouldn't judge an episode on unpredictability. The cinematography was Oscar worthy (yes I know that is movies. That's the point). The battle was at the level of LOTR battles. It was beautiful and stressful and amazing. I have not felt that way while watching an episode since Ozymandias. 
You rate this episode equal to Ozymandias?\n\nSomeone fucking kill me.\n\nWhy are you comparing the two when they couldn't get more different as shows?\n\n
I rate it equal to Ozymandias given the context we are given. As with Breaking Bad the build up to that episode was so well done that Ozymandias paid off and was therefore given a 10/10. As with Battle of the Bastards the build up here was done in a similar way given the history of what Ramsay have done under the show. \n\nDon't think I compare those two episode, because I don't see where I did that and please don't comment such things as \"Someone fucking kill me.\" It's childish.
Rating something has nothing to do with comparing imho.  For example im into thrash movies aswell. I would never say that they are as well done as a really good movie but when i rate them i give points in how much joy i got from them. I dont get why people rate thrash movies so bad if they are going to watch one. Its like saying this movie has too much action but it was clear that this is a action movie. I cant explain it really well but in my opinion things should be rated in respect to what they want to be and what audience they wanna please. If im going to eat a sweet cake saying this cake was crap because it was not salty is just stupid.  You cant compare cake to fries but if you really really like both you can give both a 10.
You dont know shit then.
I think the fact that 95% of the total votes are 10/10 really says something. Also, there are always a couple hundred trolls who vote 1 just because.
It's the reddit hug of votes. Whenever an IMDB episode page of a show gets posted to reddit boasting about the votes, it always ends up getting a huge number of votes from the people who use or lurk on reddit. People feel like they are part of a movement.\n\nIt's also how those most liked or most disliked videos on youtube records happen. Once it becomes a thing, everyone wants to be a part of it.
IMDB has its own weird algorithm which tries to discount \"troll\" voting. 
I more meant that it was 9.9 for a long time and then a huge surplus of votes made it down to 9.7. It has so many votes it is hard to stop it much. It has more votes than almost any other episodes from the season by a longshot
I more meant that it was 9.9 for a long time and then a huge surplus of votes made it down to 9.7. It has so many votes it is hard to stop it much
Mathematically, it is hard to drop it very much. It was at 9.9 with like 15000 votes and so dropping it .2 is still a lot. It has way more ratings than any other episode this season besides battle of the bastards.
Exactly, when the link was first posted it wasn't anywhere close to that. Immediately after an episode fans rush to give it 10 ratings, especially when a post like this is made.
Yup, when it gets posted to reddit it gets a huge boost.
Exactly that was one of the best episodes of TV, that's why it still stayed at that rating.
[deleted]
The only reason those theories were being made in the first place was because people didn't think the episode could possibly be that dumb.
People seem to think the criticism comes from it not playing out in some wild way..  But the reality is, the reason for all the wild theories is because the straight forward answer didn't make any sense in the context.   Arya's character has been sold to us to be a certain thing.  With every season, constantly more vigilant, observant, capable, etc.  She then leaves a guild of trained killers, and acts smug, completely lets her guard down and is caught unaware the same day she leaves?  That makes *no* sense for her character.\n\nAs if that decision making wasn't bad enough, she suffers 3 knife wounds, 2 to the gut, and one of them a twisting wound, which is almost surely fatal without expert treatment.  She still manages to run across the city full speed, doing things her character probably couldn't do at 100% health, through dirty water, and then seemingly recovers over night from an injury she'd need weeks if not months to recover from.. \n\nFor what? So the viewers would spend 7 days thinking she might die and trying to find ways to make it make sense?  The bottom line is, it was poor writing and didn't fit the character/show world, and everyone hoped there was a better explanation.  I was disappointed their wasn't because the writing in this show is generally superb and that part of the story felt like amateur hour.
This argument has been brought forward again and again and it does not account for Arya acting OOC, the lack of consistent tone in the episodes, the fact that pretty much anyone had a better answer, the over reliance on shock value in ep 7, the fact that they ignored human biology.\n\nPlease stop trying to excuse the bad writing of that episode by using the idea that 'it didn't live up to peoples theories to people bitch' because that simply wasn't the case for the most part. The reason there were so many theories was BECAUSE the episodes were bad/mediocre. In GoT terms any episode which could be part of another series in how it saves characters or has them act inconsistently is bad.
Who had a better answer? No one. I read a bunch of the Arya theories and they were all dumber and made much less sense than what they went with on the show. The show's arc was far from perfect, but the fan theories were nothing more than people wanting a wacky plot twist for the sake of having a wacky plot twist. \n\nIgnored human biology? People have powered through worse injuries (stabbed in the head, shot in the head, stabbed many more times, etc.), but yeah, they went overboard with the stunts. I think they were going for a stunt coordination Emmy. Not the greatest idea, but it's television... But hey, perhaps milk of the poppy has some rather good curative properties. Did people complain as much when The Mountain was magically saved by Qyburn, who doesn't actually use magic?\n\nArya acting casual in Braavos? Meh, I guess she didn't think Jaqen would send someone to kill her. Perhaps, she thought she would get booted out and the Waif would get the Lady Crane contract. 
no it was just a cheap trick stabbing her so fatally, and then shitty writing having her just sleep it off.  that whole thing was just absolute shit.. worst bit of writing in GoT history for me.  
I agree with you 100% there are plenty of valid reasons like the ones you just mentioned. Was just speculating 
I do agree that Arya's arc has been interesting.... but not lately in my opinion. At least in season 6, at least. But it seems to me that, ever since she went to the house of black and white, her arc has been less interesting to me, particularly through season 6. 
Isn't Tormund from somewhere in Scandinavia as well?
He's Norwegian. 
I think he's norweigan.
It just failed? Man you ARE oh so much more *kisses fingertip* tasteful in cinnamontalography.
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [spoiler](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mmm wouldn't say he was too smart for Ramsey after how the rest of that episode went. He was easily manipulated and then crushed in battle by Ramsey, and saved due to some handy deus ex machina and his impenetrable plot armour.
My comment wasn't exactly 100% serious lol. Still though Ramsay got outplayed at the end there, and that's what counts.
Not saying it does. Just asking a question lol
  By whom?
It was one of the big dictionaries I think, on phone now, will update later.
I think she didn't tell anyone because she didn't fully trust LF and wasn't 100 % certain that he would turn up. Imagine if she had said to Jon \"wait a few days, LF is coming with the KoV\" and then he hadnt shown up.\n
There have been like three or four instances of deus ex machina this season, it's starting to get predictable.
  Rickon, Wun Wun, Ramsay all die. You needed Jon or Sansa to die?
The Lord of Light would've been a real dick if that was his plan after all.
Sure, but that's borderline plot armor. I mean would Ramsay really shoot an arrow into Wunwun's eye at the end when he had an easy chance to kill Jon?
Sometimes it's important that this is still a story with, you know, a plot and not real life. Some people do have to make it through to the end. There doesn't exist a story in the world devoid of plot armor.
He and his men probably wanted to make sure the giant was dead. Giants are very dangerous. They kill more people every year than bumblebees!\n\n
Someone in a different thread mentioned that Ramsay likes to manipulate people's emotions so much so that he must have wanted to shoot Wunwun in order to make Jon mad. Kind of that he is so rooted in manipulation that he forgets that he does not have to time to play with his subjects. 
> Sure, but that's borderline plot armor.\n\nIt's not like John already died once, right?
Then Jon might as well walk into battle alone
so, basically, \"plot armor\", but right now, most of you are in \"blind fanboy\"-mode and willing to accept all the bullshit this episode had
The Lord of Light isn't real. People just attribute magic to the gods as they can't understand it.
I think a lot of it is due to the fact that these books have been out there for so long. While this battle itself has not been written yet, its predecessors are and people have put things together for themselves.\n\nI think subliminally they've expected to be surprised even when what needs to happen does. 
Yep, people will be mad once R+L=J is confirmed. \"WOW, HOW PREDICTABLE!\"
>I think subliminally they've expected to be surprised even when what needs to happen does.\n\nI like this way of putting it.  Sometimes certain events just need to happen, not every predicted even needs to go wrong.  There have been very, very few moments in the series as cathartic as last episode.
Not everything needs a plot twist, but a predictable outcome ruins the tension. We knew the Starks were gonna win the whole time. \n\nThe only thing that made me stressful was wondering if Tormund or Davos would die. 
Not all of the starks won
So? I knew Harry Potter was going to win, it didn't mean I didn't finish the books or not watch the movies. Same with Lord of the Rings going into return. There was plenty of tension, I thought Tormund was going to die. We didn't know which characters would make it or if Ramsay's side would have any betrayals. Until the Umbers charged I was waiting for them to switch. It didn't have the twists of Hardhome but it was awesome in its own right. 
Idk man, it was looking pretty hopeless during the encirclement scene.  It was definitely touch and go there for a bit.  We knew that the knights of the vale would be on their way since it was foreshadowed, but it definitely wasn't guaranteed that that would make it in time.  It's kind of bad when having the good guys win one is \"predictable writing\" in Game of Thrones.
>Not everything needs a plot twist, but a predictable outcome ruins the tension. We knew the Starks were gonna win the whole time. \n\nI don't get it.  If you knew the Starks would win, why are you upset that the Starks won?  If you thought that another outcome was possible, then there would be tension because you didn't know the Starks would win.  If you thought the Starks winning was the only outcome that made sense, then it shouldn't hurt the writing that it's what happened.\n\nAlso, I just think it's dismissing a lot of really amazing moments in the episode to just summarize the whole thing as \"the Starks won.\"\n\n>The only thing that made me stressful was wondering if Tormund or Davos would die.\n\nI don't know about you, but that tension was a big deal for me.  That still added way more tension than Hardhome had, although the fact that I've read the books probably lowered Hardhome's tension.
It's easy to claim it now, but did we also know that Stannis would lose? That he'd lose twice?\n\nObviously the plot armour of Jon is really fucking thick now, especially since if he was gone there would be no \"north\" left at all, so we were expecting him to win, but most people would be lying if they didn't at least have a little doubt. This is the first major built up battle scene we've seen that's gone the way of the \"good\" side.
I agree. This episode was way better than Hardhome by a long shot. Jon was so passionate. It made up for his stoic attitude since being brought back. \n\nHardhome was pretty cool, but I've always thought Rains was the best episode. Now I don't know. This episode, the way it was shot.. The emotions it got out of me. I will probably never forget Davos against the sunset/rise. Or Jon coming up for air.\n\nPeople are upset because Littlefinger going all Gandalf. But we all saw it coming. And that's okay. There wouldn't be an episode if he fucking showed up on time and just wiped them out. That's how it needed to work. \n\nSometimes I just disagree with the hardcore Reddit crowd I guess. Not thinking this was one of the best TV episodes of all time is baffling to me.
Great review, I totally agree. I had such a mix of stress/anxiety from when John was seemingly going to get run down by the calvary until I saw Ramsey beaten and tied to that chair. Such a great hour of TV 
Yep plot twists are far from a must for the story to be good. Cliches on the other hand aren't great either and that is what we got. This episode had phenomenal cinematography and the pay of everyone wanted, that is why it is so liked, not because it had great tension, great writing or anything like that. I understand your opinion but I felt no emotion this episode. I knew Ramsey would die and Jon won't. I had no idea what was going to happen during Hardhome.
Did you watch the encirclement scene?
You didn't know what to expect? I thought it was pretty predictable\n\nIt seemed pretty typical that Jon probably wouldn't have died because of plot armour, Ramsey certainly wasn't going to give up Rickon, and the Knights of Vale were going to save the day
Idk, I actually was starting to think when jon was being trampled that I wouldn't be surprised if another gOt episode ended on a total downer
> I thought it was pretty predictable\n\nThe battle may have been, but the casualties certainly weren't. Most people here were convinced that Davos/Tormund would perish, and those 'mini stories' were more important to me than the overall results (which was pretty obvious, it had to be).
Jon \"No shield needed\" Snow? Yeah, he was pretty plot-armored. If you honestly believed he was going to die in this battle, then I say that you have not been watching any fantasy movies for the last thirty years.\n\nThat said, I enjoyed the episode.
It was so predictable that I might as well have already read a book about it. Cool fights though.
I mean one could easily liken this to the battles of Helm's Deep or the Pelennor for Lord of the Rings. Main heroes are trapped and nearly defeated when allied cavalry arrives to turn the tide.\n\nI for one was just happy to let myself be immersed with the incredible choreography and fighting sequences. While everything we all expected to happen did happen it doesn't lessen the experience for me.
I am a book reader and I know I sound like a smart ass but everything in this epi seemed fairly predictable. We know Jons not gonna die; we knew the vale were coming. The whole our fathers sucked shit was just lame. Ugh I feel like they are rushing.
Yeah pretty much everything the sub accepted would happen, happened. No more, no less.
The further you get into a series, the more obvious it is what character have plot armor. There's no way they're going to kill off more main characters that have been in since season 1 until the series has reached the real end game.
That's how the previous seasons worked but not nessecarily this one
People need to drop the ,,Got breaks tropes'' because it simply isn't true.
Yeah because if they kept that up we wouldnt have any good characters left to work with.
This is what happens, people jump on the show after hearing how unpredictable it is and start throwing hissy fits when people don't die
They still kill characters by the bucketloads, and now with no tension or setup. That's a very poor excuse, specially when they've done away with many of the best characters already.
[deleted]
I think we should stop predicting things and just let ourselves be surprised.
The books are heading that way too. That's always been one of my complaints about ASoIaF. It was always heading towards the Wheel of Time -- Light vs. Shadow, Fire vs. Ice, Life vs. Death. In a lot of ways, the first 4 books or so were always going to be irrelevant outside of determining who's left for books 6 and 7.\n\nJust because Rand al'Thor is going to be a dwarf doesn't mean he isn't Rand al'Thor, and just because Perrin uses a sword instead of an axe with a smaller beard, and Mat is a girl, doesn't mean it isn't Wheel of Time.\n\nI mean for Christ's sake, it's even The Dragon vs. the Shadow is what we're building towards. One of the problems with writing a political thriller in the shadow of a cosmic conflict is the politics are irrelevant in the wake of the cosmic threat.\n\nHow in the world is it going to matter who sits on the Iron Throne when the Night King crosses the wall?\n\nEpisodes like this one -- Battle of the Bastards -- exist to shape the cast that will make it to the cosmic conflict. Because I promise, when it becomes Westeros vs. White Walkers, the stakes will be infinitely larger, and Jon's going to need what he learned at Winterfel to fight that battle. \n\nThis battle wasn't important because Jon might have died -- it was important because we saw Jon covered in soot and dried blood. Because we saw Sansa smirk as a man (a deserving man but still) was eaten alive. \n\nThings are going to be worse, so much worse, and at this point the Iron Throne is the anvil on which Westeros must be forged.
Well that's where GRRM's hypocrisy comes in. He claims to have no main characters, but that's not true at all. The main characters are the POV characters that are still alive. It can't have the \"nobody is safe\" thing because most of the characters have died up to this point. That's not to say there won't be any more major deaths, but there has to be some kind of ending here. 
The guy I was responding to asked what someone didn't like about the episode. I prefaced my comment with \"I did love the episode\". I understand that if everything was a twist it would be predictable, maybe what I should've said is I want some rationality back.\n\n The Vale army was the largest force in Westeros after the War of the Five Kings. They had just taken Moat Cailin after being inactive for an entire Civil War. Moat Cailin is referred to repeatedly as a major stronghold that holds the north. Ramsay would have heard about this as warden of the North. He would have had scouts watching it. The Vale army wouldn't have been able to sneak thousands of troops north without Ramsay having even the slightest inkling they would have been coming. \n\nYou might say, \"Ramsay wanted to wipe out Jon's forces quick before the Vale army arrived\". This is a stupid, irrational thing to do. If Ramsay knew the Vale force was close, as he should've, he would've held up in Winterfell and let Winter take care of them during a siege. Winterfell was time and again referred to as a bastion of fortitude. Ned and Theon often mentioned how one man on a wall is worth 10 on the ground (from memory). \n\nYou might then say, \"But Ramsay had to meet Jon in battle, the north was watching, he can't look weak!\". This again doesn't make sense at all. What houses are watching? Most of the major houses fighting forces went south and died fighting with Robb. Let's say there were powerful houses 'watching' (never mind how), why would they care if Ramsay used a castle for it's intended purpose? What better position would they be in to attack Ramsay if he did hole up in Winterfell? Would it be worth it to them to march across however many kilometers in the advent of winter, with not much food at all, and risk rebelling against the house with the largest army? No one would be stupid enough to do that. Even if they got to Jon's, and lets say for measure the Vale's forces, during the siege and before any major casualties, would they have enough to overwhelm Winterfell right before winter? Maybe, although it would be a massive gamble and a stupid one. Then also, why would these hypothetical houses rally behind a southern army taking their capital? Doesn't that smell entirely like a plot to control the north by foreigners? \n\nThe Blackwater had rational thought put into it and the battle felt naturally occurring. People paying attention could have seen the 'twists' coming, they weren't contrived. The Blackwater had it's flaws too but not so much as this episode at all. Bastardbowl felt forced for a climatic conclusion that did away with rational thought. It was very enjoyable to watch, but the conditions that created it fall away under scrutiny. People like shows for different reasons, I always liked the intrigue of GOT much more than the action. \n\nAgain, I didn't come to this thread to shit on the episode (I even praised it as the best shot in my comment). I responded to a guy who asked what someone didn't like about the episode. Don't jump on the wagon of hating on people criticising an episode when asked to. 
You know what would have been a genuinely surprising? Ramsey actually fucking up and Rickon surviving. 
> I like the idea of Ramsay being delusional to the end, but while I liked most of his acting choices throughout the show, I thought that line should have been delivered with a bit of fear and uncertainty, not raw confidence.\n\nWhy is that so strange? The only time he even showed fear in the show was when his father told him about his future baby brother. He immediately resolved that one. The guy was nothing but raw confidence otherwise, even right before he's captured when he claimed they would still be able to hold Winterfell from a siege.\n\nAlso he would never show weakness in front of Sansa.
1) When the dragon showed up they immediately surrendered. The whole scene makes zero sense if they already knew Dany came to Meereen on a dragon. \n\n2) Alright, Dany is psychic. It's a bit weak in my opinion, but there we go.\n\n3) So they were just sitting nearby waiting for a dragon to burn the ships. Ignoring the fact that the plan was devised between Dany and Tyrion and they weren't involved at all, how did the masters not see the dothraki horde sitting outside? Again, it didn't seem to come up during the negotiations until after the surrender.\n\n4) If you can suspend your disbelief that an army of thousands can invade hundreds of miles of territory without the lord finding out then it's not really worth talking about to be honest.\n\n6) Plot armour is a writing flaw when it requires this level of belief suspension. Jon charging alone into a rain of arrow fire is dumb. Maybe just a personal thing, though.\n\n7) *Maybe* they'll explain it next episode and it's not just bad writing. But I remember people saying that about Arya being stabbed. Remember how that turned out?\n\n8) Pedantics. Jon fell for the (obvious) trick. He had no plan. He deserved to die, just like Ned or Robb. This is really more of a thematic flaw than a writing one, but it still brought the episode quality down for me.\n\n9) They had stopped fighting the soldiers when Ramsay fired. You're arguing a bit of empty point, here.\n\n10) It potentially goads Jon into making bad decisions? More than an arrow to the face would? Come on.\n\n12) Why would anyone tell Sansa the dogs haven't been fed for seven days? How would that even come up? This is a very minor point but I included it because it's another symptom of the episode's general laziness.\n\n13) With Littlefinger's army they massively outnumbered the Boltons. The encircling wouldn't have even worked. I do see where you're coming from though.\n\n14) What made me think she was with Littelfinger's army was when she was on a horse next to Littlefinger with his army.\n\nI appreciate the fact that you took the time to reply to almost all the points and I do respect a lot of what you said, especially to some of my pretty nitpicky points. But some of it like 4, 9 and 10 is just ridiculous. I feel like you're arguing them for the sake of it.
Point 12, I will reiterate for JohnnyCwtb that Sansa was THERE when Ramsey spoke about the dogs.  Even with that aside, Jon may have reasonably told Sansa about the dogs because he might have wanted to feed him to the dogs as well.\n\nFor your other points about the Knights of the Vale, I think you're overestimating the size of their force.  Ramsey explicitly said \"they don't have an army\".  This would help explain how they managed to quickly get to Winterfell without detection, and why the surprise attack was necessary.  Further, you're overestimating the loyalty of other northern houses to House Bolton.  Really, only the Umbers and Karstarks were loyal to the Boltons, whereas the other northern houses simply did not want to fight against the Boltons.  Do you expect every minor village they pass to think \"oh there's men headed north, better ride to Winterfell and warn Ramsey\".  You're right in saying it would be difficult, and even unlikely, but not impossible.\n\nLastly, for point 6, he didn't charge IN to a rain of arrows, he charged PAST where the arrows would land.  This is clear as the place he was standing was immediately bombarded after he charged.  If he had stayed where he would or retreated his chances of being hit would have increased.
Sansa didn't reaveal the line about the dogs until the very end.\nThere was a period of time between Jon beating Ramsay and the ending, and it's fair to assume she had some conversation with Jon/others about her intentions, especially since Ramsay was moved to the cell, and the doors for the hounds cages were opened.   Someone helped her do those things.  I didn't feel like it was a continuity error at all, just something that happened off screen.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1758 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48607)
That was poorly directed. Big difference. People who don't work in the industry merge all aspects of film together and call it writing.
Yes. The conversation between Edmure and Jaime is one of the best written scenes in the entire series. 
I wasn't arguing the cost of the Vale, but the fact that they magically just teleported to Winterfell. It doesn't make any sense. Someone would have sent a raven to Ramsay. They'd have to go past Moat Calin at the very least, that castle Ramsay took last season. The Aryn army is invading the North, and the Northern army doesn't realise they're there until they ride over the hill. What? There was literally thousands of men. Stuff like that used to be planned out, but now it isn't. It's just lazy.\n\nI think it does deserve the tone. It was badly written. The whole episode was, in my opinion.
> the fact that they magically just teleported to Winterfell\n\nIt's been said at least once before (probably more) that each story within an episode is not happening at the same time. Months could have passed between episodes or even within stories within an episode.\n\n> It was badly written. The whole episode was, in my opinion.\n\nWell, I suppose it's a good thing you're not voting on the Emmys.
That is not a continuity issue - why does everyone assume that everyone would keep that information from her? She clearly had several off-screen conversations with people who were there, how else would she even know where to find Ramsay?
> Aside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed,\n\nWe don't see everything happening on screen, it's possible her and Jon talked about it before that scene happened.
> Aside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed\n\nDidn't Ramsay mention the dogs at the horse meeting between the two sides before the battle? Sansa was there.
Him saying the dogs weren't fed was before the battle and Sansa was there
The only unpredictable thing that has happened in the main plot since the red wedding is Jon's death, which is hardly worth mentioning as it was basically only a scare. There's no way to keep a series like this unpredictable forever, unless they kill off all main characters and replace them.
I generally agree with your premise, but we *did* see that. Sansa outsmarted Ramsey, and she did it by keeping the Knights of the Vale from Jon and using his wilding's as bait for her own army. It was ruthless, but it worked. 
I was talking about Jon charging alone against Bolton army and dodging million arrows. If it was in GoT style, Jon would die and Sansa would then reclaim the Winterfell. 
[deleted]
You can definitely find these types of things in the earlier seasons, but a lot of them were explained by information given in the books.
The knights of the Vale wasn't even a Deus Ex Machina situation, there was obvious planting and pay-off for that during the previous episodes, it didn't come out of nowhere. \nEDIT:\nJust in case it isn't clear, I'm actually with you on this.
Exactly. We *knew* that Sansa was holding them in reserve. The GoT twist isn't that the cavalry arrived, it's that Sansa was planning Jon and the Wildlings to maximize their usefulness. 
Yeah me too! Then when I saw it was Shaggy Dog's head I was expecting Jon to mention about how small his head was. \nAnd on that note: I'm starting to think that Shaggy Dog was kenneled the whole time Rickon was with the Umbers; if the dragons are in a cage and can't grow, why not the direwolves as well?
Right, and while a bunch of the people that said \"Zomg this episode was so predictable\" would be stoked, I'd be the one going \"wow how predictable was that, c'mon guy some originality please.\"
Wow a lot of downvotes, but out of curiosity can you show me this laser pointer you were talking about, I'm suddenly very interested
\"Protection from the Lord of Light\" disguised as luck. Fate is a big part of the series and in a world where people are brought back from the dead and dragons are alive there are certainly more ridiculous things that have happened than getting lucky when dodging some arrows.\n\nI would even argue that it was more lucky that the cavalries collided directly on top of him. A few seconds difference and he would have been slaughtered.
Yeah, I know the whole protection thing, that's pretty much what I called it when I was watching the episode lol. I was just saying that the arrow thing was more of a reason for people to be mad than the other two points he made (being surrounded and ramsay killing Wun Wun)
What did you want? For him to die? There's always a blurred line of realism in these scenes; you can watch battle sequence with the 'main' character of any film/series and there's *always* some sections where plot armour prevails; it *has* to.
This episode was more than just effects, though.  It wasn't all story, but things like the Rickon scene, the crush, and the final Jon vs Ramsey fight had a lot of emotional impact to in my opinion, it's unfair to the writing and direction to dismiss them as effects.
You're right, it was story driven action. I just don't really LOVE GoT for its storytelling anymore, not since season 3. I feel like it's a big past its prime in that case, more Hollywood and less gritty book. That's why I'm ok with being swept away by the action. 
The Rickon scene just came across to me as 'Ramsey does something shockingly evil scene no.531'. There was almost a decent emotional moment when Wun Wun was dying but then they ruined it just so they could have 'Ramsey does something shockingly evil scene no.532'.
Yeah. That was my favourite part of the episode as well actually.\n\nAnd honestly if it hadn't been for the absolutely atrocious subplot of Arya getting stabbed and chilling at lady Crane's (everything between Arya blowing out the candle in her hidey-hole a couple of episodes earlier and the waif finding her there could have been completely skipped) the last episode would actually have been one of my favourites of the season.\n\nBut it happened. :(
Abstract. As in lacks specificity. You say the characters are completely consistent and, of course, don't bother to explain any further. So, yeah, abstract arguments. The one's stupid people drift towards.\n\nAlso, you don't use lmfao right before a question mark. It's essentially asking me if you should be laughing your mother fucking ass off. \n\nLike I said, it's really no surprise you were thrilled by this episode. I'm sure you are a big fan of the Transformers franchise, as well.
Either way. You introduced it to me. So you are a hero even if you won't acknowledge it =>
I've loved the majority of the show - just not a fan of episodes like this. Long battle scenes with poor/uninteresting dialogue.
I'm fine with representing the chaos of battle, but when you devote 20ish minutes of air time to it, it needs to be a little cleaner and a little more interesting. Specifically when they were stuck in the pincer. The battle Itself was straight up just boring. They rushed in, got surrounded, got saved by the Vale. Why not have it be a little more focused on tactics. They had a smaller force, they mentioned building trenches to stop the Calvary, and then they just forgot about all that and charged in? Yeah I get they were mad about rickkon but come on, this is their one shot to get Winterfell back.\n\nWhen I say the writing was lazy, i mean the actual script. Dany's line could have been way more interesting than \"actually, ur gonna surrender to me\". Jon and Sansa's dialogue was absolutely terrible. Davos and Tormund could have had way more interesting dialogue. The red witch and Jon's scene was completely pointless.\n\nGiven that this is art we are talking about, not sure if there is a right or wrong side of it. And champ? Really?
fair doos, nice points. haha it seemed to round it off nicely
>people are calling it (one of) the best episodes of television ever. you're on the wrong side of history, champ.\n\nThis is such a weak argument.
didn't mean it to say \"people say it, so it's true.\" meant something like, \"people are enjoying it even more than you understand. perhaps it has value that you haven't yet discovered.\"
I don't want flawless characters I want characters that are not suicidaly idiotic.\n\nJon Snow has been fricking groomed for command in the Nights Watch for a long time. We saw him command battles pretty damn well, he even made a pretty good plan. And to throw his whole battle strategy out of the window and just charge into the enemy?  That goes against the character.
It doesn't at all. Jon loves his family. There's a reason why Sansa tried to get Jon to accept that Rickon was dead, even if he was still moving.\n\nHe didn't. He couldn't. He broke. He even stayed consistent with that throughout the episode.
Yes its true that they gave a subtle hint, but I think they wanted it to be a twist, otherwise Sansa would have said to Jon clearly that she talked to LF, because why not? Just for her pride? I dont buy it. Yes she didnt know when he was going to arrive, but they (the producers) did, and they could have make him arrive anytime before the battle if they wanted. If they didnt intended it to be a twist why make him show up EXACTLY in the moment it appeared the hope was gone? They clearly wanted shock value, and it's the 4th time they do this, it no longer unexpected. Poor producing.
Sansa didn't tell Jon about this for the same reason she didn't tell Jon about meeting Littlefinger in Mole Town and how she knew about the Blackfish. She hided everything about Littlefinger, not just this. So her behavior fits, at least considering her attitude towards Littlefinger this season. We still have to wait until we see the dynamics between Littlefinger-Sansa-Jon to understand why Sansa acted this way.\n\nWhy the Knights of the Vale arrived at the end of the battle instead of the middle of the battle? It doesn't mean it was for plot twist value, it was to make a climatic and emotional ending for the battle, just that. The Rohirrim in LOTR wasn't a twist either, everyone knew Gandalf went for them, they appear at the end for climatic purposes. You can't say it was to make a twist, you just don't know the intentions. Think about it, if you, as a tv watcher, knew the Knights of the Vale were coming because the show specifically stated it, what's better? To have them arrive at the battle in the middle or in the end of the battle to save the day? Clearly it has more value if they arrive in the end, even if you knew they were coming. So you can't confirm it was made for twist purposes just by pointint out they arrived in the end.
They were shooting arrows at him as he charged. That's how his horse died. 
i noticed that too...
Cool, fuck your opinion too man. 
I'd say my opinion has a stronger base than \"squinty eyes\". I respectfully disagreed. Thanks for fucking my opinion. Probably the only thing you'll ever fuck.
nope, spineless shits do, who are unable to have an argument
Deep breaths bro.
\"But it looks like he's been stabbed in the gut repeatedly.....why wouldn't you just put him to bed for the night and place some loose bandages on the wound? Maybe some soup? He should have been fine by morning...\"
Milk of the poppy. It's good for what ails you!
When Wun Wun was in the courtyard, I yelled at the TV, \"Hang in there, we'll get you some milk of the poppy!\"
mmm soup
Don't forget the brackish sewer water to rinse out the wound!
Did that stab wound happen before or after the poison?
Oh that was me. I thought if I poked enough holes in him, the poison would drain. 
I repeat he was poisoned by his enemies.
Yes\n\nThe blade was poisoned
This never fails to make me laugh lol
His dogs were hungry\n
He was coont and that's why you killed him.
Acute steel poisoning. Very tragic.
Valar morghulis 
Just let him have trial by combat.
It's forbidden. 
They loved Oberyn so much, they decided to kill as many of his living relatives they could find. 
They should off themselves next, just to complete the tradition.
Idk who is even left for them to get their revenge on. Tywin, the main guy behind their woes, is dead. His son killed him, so he shouldn't be a target (granted the sandcunts don't use logic). The mountain was killed by Oberyn (in mutual combat btw), so even if they go after him it's pretty pointless cuz he's a zombie and as far as everyone else knows he is dead. Cersi sure I guess, but she's gonna be ded soon anyway and kinda has her hands full. Jamie probably saved their relatives lives by killing the mad king, and they killed his daughter in front of him.
da bad pussi
Ser Pounce, doing lines of that wild fyre again?
Dang time traveling Sand Snakes, always ruining the timeline.\n\n
\"You want the good story, but you need the bad paradox\"
Definitely yes. The opening scene of Saving Private Ryan is very similar in feeling to the battle from last night's episode and you'd probably really enjoy it. 
It's also very loosely based off of a true story. Except in the real story, they just sent one man to bring him back.
Yes
Fuck yes, it's an \"old\" movie with some of the best cinematography and effects i've ever seen, when I say old I mean it lives up to todays standards even though it's 18 years old.
It is awe-fucking-some. Watch it!\n\nAlso I suggest Braveheart! You'd love it. 
RE: your handle\n\nRamsey's demise reminded me of the trick Hannibal Lector played on a child predator in those Thomas Harriss.  So googled up Hannibal Lector dogs eating face or something similar.....turns out it was inspired by the actions of someone who did that to themselves while on PCP.  The accompanying photo was gruesome.
'Calling me bastard, HE'S a bastard!'\n\n'Totally.'
\"Like, oh my god, did you *see* how he was looking at Jon?\"
Oh they totally are high school girls. And Melisandre is the scolding teacher. But she may soon face a pupil that's become particularly unhappy with her methods...
You know there was at least one woman who would have suggested burning him alive.
\"Well, we could always-\"\n\n\"No, Mel.\"\n\n\"You didn't let me finish.\"\n\n\"You were going to suggest burning him alive. That's all you ever contribute to these meetings. Come up with some new ideas.\"\n\n\"You don't know that I was going to say that!\"\n\n\"OK, fine. What were you going to suggest?\"\n\n\"...but the benefits of burning him alive-\"\n\n\"Goddammit, Mel.\"
It would have been good Karma if Theon had shown up and queefed Ramsey to death
Which I think is why Sansa is such an interesting parallel, it shows how much her mental hardship has affected her outlook on life and how maybe there is \"a little bit of Ramsey in her forever\" paraphrasing of course.\n\nShe had all but given up on Rickon and had resigned to the fact that he was already dead.
That's a very good point. Also, Sansa likely still believes in an after-life, and Jon knows that in their universe there isn't one. Not that that made much of a difference, but it is something I just thought about.
>But a move I think most would make.\n\nCome on man...\n\nThat was dumbest scene in he entire show. It gave The Walking Dead a run for it's money. 
You don't think if you saw your last living brother (so you thought) running from a guy who you know is going to try and kill him that you wouldn't do everything you could to try and save him, no matter how low the odds are you will? \nI definitely would. It would be tough to live with myself if I didn't at least try. 
It was but you think people don't do the dumbest things in real life? And he wasn't expecting to kill them all. He thought he was going to die soon because there was no turning back at that point and wanted to go down fighting.
The director seems to be really big on taking you down to the POV of the characters as much as possible. This was what was so damn good about Hardhome, because you couldn't really tell what was going on until the wights were on them. \n\nIt definitely was pretty cool, in my non-expert opinion, to feel what Jon was feeling and see what he was seeing, for the most part. We felt the frenzy when the cavalries meet just as he's about to be trampled. We felt like we were trapped inside the shield wall. And we definitely felt the hopelessness of being smothered by your own men trampling over him. \n\nI get where you're coming from, for sure, but it was a breath of fresh air for me, or maybe a lack of it. \n\nedit: a word
I just can't take too much shaky cam, makes me feel nauseated. But as a metaphor for Jon's experiences it does work.\n\nI just hope it was added for the right reasons, not because every major action movie does it these days. Or to hide CGI and bad cuts. 
The long steady cam shots weren't an option for this battle because there was far more CGI involved than the Castle Black scene. You complain that you can't tell what's going on but that's kind of the point otherwise the CGI would be far more obvious and jarring 
[deleted]
Fuck, that was awesome. 
Although Ramsey is first and foremost a terrorist/lunatic/sadist than a tactician with a goal. He may have thought that pissing Jon off, and tactically luring his army into the battle, was more fun than just trying to shoot Jon straight away.
This is it, Ramsay is a sadist, he likes to play with his food. Killing Jon at that point although the logical solution there would be totally out of character for him.\n\nCharacters in GoT don't always act perfectly rationally, that's one of it's biggest strengths, humans are inherently emotional creatures and do stupid shit sometimes.
But what is his goal? To be warden of the north? Then you don't execute you only ward/hostage. Why do you think throughout the show they kept Theon/Sansa/Edmure/kingslayer alive? 
I agree completely, everyone in this sub is just circle jerking away the fact that it was written by a bunch of boobs.  \n\nIt was cinematically gorgeous, but the plot for the entire battle was asinine.  It had so much freaking potential too, Davos was being a g the night before trying to be Hannibal while crafting a battle strategy.  Instead we get some silly Hollywodd plot crap that made no sense.\n\nStill a good episode overall, far from even close to being the best ever though.
I'm inclined to slightly disagree with you on this. Battles pre-gunpowder especially were not particularly clean things. It would have been wildly out of character for Jon to be stoic in a battle. Furthermore, one of the upsides of Jon's leadership styles is his men rallying to him. So yes, it does make sense that his men would try to save him if they saw him in trouble.\n\n
I agree with you there! Beautifully shot and some amazing action scenes but some pretty dodgy tactics just for entertainments sake which was disappointing. \nStill very much enjoyed it. Just not the #1 best episode/battle on TV/movies like people are preaching it to be.
I counted five perfectly timed \"guy is about to run down Jon Snow from behind and then someone else crashes into him from out of frame\" shots.  After the third time I was just like, \"AGAIN?\"
Jon was literally risen from the dead by,  some force clearly wants him alive,  the red woman even said as much... It's ploy armour,  but his plot armour as an in world explanation. 
If it makes you feel better, you could imagine that Jon's soldiers are intentionally protecting him. It's chaos, certainly, but if any of them notice him on the battlefield, they may try to come to him to help, and if they see someone about to kill him, they'll try to intervene.\n\nBy the same token, Ramsay's soldiers will probably prioritize him, but most of them have never seen him before today, and only at a distance, so you could suppose that they'll be worse at targeting him.
I imagine it's because he's now the chosen one azor ahai. The red gods protecting him.
haha wow
I see.  I don't know much in medieval tactics.
Oh, well the main thing is cavalry is for flank charges that destroy formations, thus causing the enemy to flee and get chased down by cavalry as well. \n\nJust like what the Knights of the Vale did to the Boltons. The Bolton infantry couldn't turn to meet the horses cause there were a bunch of wildlings in front of them. \n\nJon's initial plan of trenches on the edges of a slightly u-shaped formation, with forest behind, to protect against heavy cavalry and draw them to the center was great... But they decided screw it. 
He could have made a much larger impact in the battle than he did. 
Spears and swords. Any wildlings apart from Tormund were getting slashed apart. \n\nAlso you're expecting battle tactics from wildlings. Their typical tactic is to just rush in and kill everything that isn't them. 
ORKZ IZ MADE FOR FIGHTIN' 
There was a triple line of pairs of soldiers, one holding a spear and the other the shield. There may have been swordsman among them or it may have just been spear men who put down their spears and drew a sword, I'm not sure. But should a giant break the shield wall at a point, just like he did, it would allow for infantry to pour into the breach and eliminate one of the lines. Do it three times and you've just breached their formation. Seems possible to me, although I do admit the rear would present a hazard with their spears whilst the infantry rushed forward. I'm just making the point that infantry fighting beneath a giant would prove more difficult for a phalanx to combat than just one or the other individually. It seems an advantage that would be easy to notice and hard to pass up, yet no man took it.
Wun wun could have just grabbed a spear and started shish kababing people.
I'm actually going to disagree with you there. The wood was likely hardened in fire and therefore would have been difficult (but not impossible) to break the spears. Hell, wildling steel isn't that good, is it? It would've been cool to show a wildling attempt to break a spear, only for his sword to snap in half. Really show that the bridge between Bolton troops isn't just in discipline but also equipment.
Hell they must have had a blacksmith they could have spiked it. Just use sword blades as \"nails\" as you would with a baseball bat.\n
Barring fighting barehanded, he could have just grabbed some bodies and thrown them at the phalanx... Who can say they're strong enough to hold a shield up to a 200+ pound body thrown at you?
Yeah, probably shoulda been handed a giant log but I guess everyone there forgot [this](http://img2.tvtome.com/i/u/73705ea7a587470ec70e2ce233a99476.gif)
I think he basically did to be fair, I can't think of a battle from earlier in history where that maneuver was used effectively. Maybe the battle of Marathon? but the details we have on that battle are very vague.
Hannibal invented the maneuver where part of your line purposely gives way so that the enemy moves forward into a pocket and surrounds themselves. You can't convince me that nobody before him thought \"Hey, it's kind of hard to kill these guys when they're all facing you. I should get on their flanks and behind them and kill them that way\", and then did that. I don't know enough about pre-roman military history to point out any examples, but I would be shocked if they're not out there. Or they might not have been written about.
Honestly, though, Tywin busting through the door was a pretty cool moment. If we knew he was there before then, I'm thinking it wouldn't be as good.
I spelt it wrong. For some reason I always thought it was Hardholm, no idea why.
Thank you. This was bothering me!
Most of the Wights are practical effects. It's those skeletal ones that look corny as fuck.
Yeah I thought those moved weird haha
thats not possible i have read the books
Yes, but the point is, generally, the good guy wins in LotR, so it was predictable, but not any less amazing. Even in BotB, sure, we knew the Starks would come out on top, but how exactly they would was so excruciatingly tense. We didn't know who would die in the process. I thought Tormund would die. I thought Ramsay would do more damage to Snow or Sansa or Lady Mormont. I thought Ramsay would get a clean, easy death. So many things happened that I didn't know would happen even though I knew the Starks would come out on top somehow.  
But in the end, we all know the ring will be destroyed and the good guys win.\n\nIn this episode we were sure of how it was gonna turn out and it was great nonetheless. However, it's GoT so there's always that fear that maybe shit won't turn out well for the good guys.\n\nIt's easy to look back and say we called that, but it could have just as easily gone the other way. And I'm the moment, I don't think anyone was 100% for sure what was gonna happen. With GoT you always have that doubt, and that's what makes it exciting.
Sure there is edge of your seat excitement but there isnt that little extra poetic something that made it all something special beyond just the excitement.  The Red Wedding had it and the destruction of the Ring had it in LOTR.  Heck even Tyrion shooting his father with the crossbow had it after his trial.  This episode was good in it's own right but it didnt have that and I think that is what a lot of people are talking about when they talk of surprise twists.
Good point but it's not like we knew who out of Jon's main men would die. It was down to Tormund, Wun Wun, and Davos, so it's not like the episode was entirely predictable. I was bricking myself when Tormund was getting beaten by Smalljon.
Surprising would be Arya getting stabbed in broad daylight while paying no attention to her surroundings.  Oh wait, that happened.  The problem wasn't surprise but lack of subtlety, foreshadowing or intrigue.\n\nEdit: an example of foreshadowing that would've been \"surprising\" would be Ramsay's men turning on him instead of firing into the melee.  He's indiscriminately killing his own men with his archers - there's a good contrast with Davos holding fire and then having his archers charge instead.  If some part of his forces had refused and Ramsay had executed him on the spot, leading to chaos in his own forces, we'd have fulfillment on his father's warning that acting like a rabid dog would have consequences.  Instead, the Bolton forces are perfectly loyal and merciless, down to the shield wall tactics that the Starks weirdly allowed to set up.
Except the point of the story isn't that Jon Mary sues his way to a win, or that he's a great leader who wins despite the odds.\n\nRamsay DID author his own demise, and did so with a big mistake that came back to bite him.  He mistreated Sansa.  Roose Bolton told him not to do it, and he did, and Sansa became the agent of his destruction.\n\nThis was Sansa's war, not Jon's.  And Sansa won that war.  Ramsay's men turning on him wouldn't have been Sansa winning that war.
I cannt agree enough. That fight was predictable. Surprise does not equal good, sure, but that's not what people are saying. Instead, predictable is bad is a better way of putting it.\n\nI haven't been surprised by this show for a long time. It used to be complex, with cause and effect which ended up with surprising results because of the richness of the narrative. Small details would later be revealed to be huge dominoes. Now it feels like there are so many stories at once that the minutia is lost and every individual story has become predictable and unsatisfactory. 
Giving that example to show that surprise would be bad is just silly.\n\nYeah, you and me can come up with tons of bad twists to the plot, but I expect that Game of Thrones writers are able to come up with something that would really surprise me and be awesome.\n\nNot saying this episode wasn't great, but I still prefer the Rains of Castamere, Laws of Gods and Men and Hardhome.
The point isn't that surprise is bad, but that surprise isn't inherently good.\n\nPeople want 'surprise' but then feel cheapened when a surprise has no real build up.  Then they get upset when they see the buildup happen before the payoff.\n\nIt's not, critically speaking, a very well founded argument.   It's why critics don't generally rate based on surprise. 
[deleted]
Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye with an arrow.
[deleted]
Thank you, someone gets it. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not only that, but there's GOING to be a price paid. How anyone had a thought other than \"Oh shit, what is Littlefinger going to want out of this?\" is beyond me, because I immediately thought Sansa traded one psychopath for another.\n\nThe whole friggin' reason she didn't tell Jon about it is she KNOWS Jon would have said no to getting help from Baelish. The price would be too high.
Oh no a term wasn't used in the strictest sense of the word. The horror.
Or correctly at all. 
If it's statistical then quality was probably measured by consensus, I'd imagine. If so, it would probably be more accurate to say that IMDB is the best representation of the average audience member.\n\nBecause you really can't measure quality in any other way. 
I believe you have the right idea.
[deleted]
Oh, I know, but you don't always get that. When I first got into the show, I was behind. I was plowing through, and then my brother asked me, \"Have you gotten to the Red Wedding yet?\" I already heard of some other references to the Red Wedding, so when the wedding was coming up I had a bad feeling. With the talk of Arya getting nervous the closer she got to her family, I knew something bad was going to happen to the Starks at that wedding. Despite having an idea, it was still quite the experience. \n\nI didn't know 'Hold the door' was coming, but it wasn't simply the twist that made the scene. It was also the build up, suffering and sacrifice that Hodor made.
Right, but if GoT becomes nothing but twists and turns then they lose all god damn meaning.\n\nSometimes a battle episode really just needs to be a battle. I needs to be well made and horrific, this episode wasn't about the game of thrones with all its twisty turny plots and deception, it was about a small army trying hopelessly to beat a bigger army. It didn't need a plot twist, there was still unpredictability in who from Jon's side would die, and how exactly they would win. Would Sansa swallow her pride and call Baelish for help? Would the Boltons underestimate the Wildlings + Wun Wun? Would Ramsay's men turn on him once team Jono started turning the tide? Just because we knew the outcome doesn't mean we know the journey.\n\nYou can only have so many Hold the Door's and Red Weddings and Vipers vs Mountains before it gets stale. This episode was fantastic pay off for years of building up how much of a shit Ramsay was, and getting the plot moving back towards the threat north of the wall, it did what it needed to do and it did it fucking brilliantly.
Well Hardhome doesn't have to be unpredictable. That episode was a mix of the last desperate stand north of the wall, seeing some White walker action, having some story development and as the other guy said, is very original. \n\nThis episode, while having a satisfying amount of things happen. While being very pretty and well directed. Didn't quite have the same edge. As you said, it wasn't set up to be an unpredictable episode, it was very hinted at having knights of the veil to come in. But that doesn't really excuse anything, it merely says that BOTG didn't set the bar that high, so to speak.\n \nHardhome really stayed with me. The Night King reveal was fucking amazing and left me in awe. The overall feeling of Hardhome and the white walkers was captured perfectly. This episode was great, but it was a simple battle, it had the seemingly inevitable outcome. It was a good episode merely because of the directing in my opinion. The writing felt odd. Piles of corpses were weirdly introduced. Starks army became surrounded even though that is like the death sentence in open combat. The straight run from Ramsey's arrows and the very cliche last moment arrow through the chest. Like the just copied a cliche that was used in the movie In Time, and tbh that movie captured the moment better. The last minute save by Knights of the Veil... any mention of scouting around Winterfell in case an additional army would arrive was there no mention off. 
If BotB was a simple battle, then Hardhome was a simple rescue mission. I love Hardhome, it had a nice supernatural feel to it, and the end with the just the sound of the whirling wind and water with the visuals was hauntingly beautiful. I feel the BotB episode had better scenes leading up to the battle and had a longer, more powerful battle. \n\nWhat was odd about the writing for BotB? As for the battle scene, they studied a number of real life battles and drew from them to create that battle. It was based off of battles during the American Civil War and the encircling of an army from the Battle of Cannae. The last moment arrow from Ramsay was deliberate to create maximum rustling of jimmies for Jon. If he shot him early, then it's much less likely that Jon charges. If Rickon dies right in front of him, then it's much more likely that Jon charges. In Time was a mediocre movie and that scene has a different set of circumstances. Those are different moments.\n\n As for scouting around Winterfell, Ramsay was way overconfident and was focused squarely on Jon's army in front of him. He was so confident that he ordered his archers to fire into their own troops. He's not the most experienced battle commander and he favored a much more aggressive approach to war than a defensive approach or a careful approach involving scouting out around the area. He wanted to smash Jon's army right then and there sending a message to any other Houses who may be looking to disobey him.\n
They could've turned when Smalljon did the whole \"Who owns the North?\" routine. Have the Umbers reply \"the Starks!\". Then Smalljon could say \"The North Remembers\" to Ramsay, and fuck shit up.\n\nOf course, I'm biased because Smalljon was such a badass in the books.
Obviously its hypothetical and we will never know, but to me it seems like that would have been their intent and based on the info at hand (Ramsey clearly winning battle), they made their choice. 
But that kind of move is done in the field of politics. When you are in the battlefield its too late I guess...
Hardhome is great for two reasons; one the fight was so badass, and it was the first time we saw the White Walkers come out and actually show a small part of what they were capable of, and it's absolutely terrifying. \n\nBonus point for that episode: it featured Jon, our favorite main character, getting the strongest of plot armor.
This time we saw what Dragons can do, that's pretty dope.
And it was outta nowhere! We didn't know the White Walkers were about to fuck shit up!
At 29,903 votes it's still 10/10
Now at over 40k votes and still on a perfect score
45,000 votes and counting and still at 10/10 \n
I don't get why people tend to circle jerk and say the episode wasn't as good as it could have been because something they wanted to happen didn't happen.
Which one was that?
Red Wedding dude.
Guys, it really bothers me that we're not finding enough ways to shit on this episode.
...yeah, all the plot twists have dried up since the series overtook the books.
Hodor?
Indeed, the only good plot twists were faithful to the books. Now when they need to come up with new ones, they just repeat the old clich\u00e9s. This only tells me that this producers are shit and bring shame to the work of GRRM.
2 weeks
It just feels weird to me for the characters I like to win. Feels wrong lol.
I disagree, I rate it a 9/10, mostly down to it being predictable.
I don't see why predictable == bad\n\nwould you rate LOTR lower because we all knew Sauron was going to lose from the very beginning?.\n\nSure predictable can be bad when it's done wrong - see Arya's arc last episode which was so predictably bad that people made theories in the hopes that it wouldn't happen, but unpredictable things can also be terrible as well - see sand snakes murder of the entire Martell line.\n\n
You do realise he used Ozymandias by name? Thus, drawing the comparison, but yeah, username checks out.
Eh, I wasn't a fan of theories, wasn't a fan of E8. In E7 she gets stabbed by a trained assassin that wants her dead, I'm assuming this trained assassin knows that stabbing someone in the stomachy area would lead to a very painful and drawn out death and wouldn't miss where the trained assassin was aiming for multiple times.
She wasn't stabbing to kill, she was stabbing to make Arya suffer. Killing would have come later.
Literally any theory was better. The entire arc of the faceless men was about deception and surprise, if you end that arc with no deception or surprise then you done fucked up. We did not see an ending which was appropriate for a group of assassins, we saw one which was appropriate for a group of warrior. The Arya luring the Waif out made more sense, pigs blood made more sense, even fucking Jaquen acting like Arya made more sense that's  how out of character Arya was.\n\nYes, ignored human biology. She was stabbed three times (maybe two) with a blade longer than 5 inches and then jumped into some dirty water before wandering about for a bit then just sitting and waiting to be fixed. After which she was 'fixed' in an indeterminate amount of time and suffered no infection which is plausable but was then capable of doing a series of physically exerting stuns before finally killing someone more skilled than her in combat (sure the dark, the waif can't fight in the dark etc) and then cutting off her face and bringing it, STILL WOUNDED, to the house of black and white. Also she just walked away from this after and we are to assume the magic water healed her though we have never had this foreshadowed.\n\nPeople survive thanks to modern medicine and luck yes, but there were so many extra stresses put on her wounds that no I would not say it is conceivable for her to survive. Going for 'stunt emmy' should not take precedence over suspension of disbelief. Milk of the Poppy is NOT a healing drink, it's more like morphine so all it does is numbs pain and ultimately causes sleep. Qyburn might use magic for all we know, he's shown an interest in the black arts and he's a scientist who has no boundaries. Also how can you compare Arya's stomach wounds being fixed by bandages and herbs by an actress to a scientist who spends a season bringing someone back as what is basically a zombie? \n\nBut she did, we see her looking prepared the in episode 6 when she blows out the candle, she is on the run and she knows it. In the books what you are suggesting would make sense since Arya is repeatedly told she can leave whenever she wants but in the show she doesn't even return the the house of black and white. 
God no, not any theory was better. None made sense and were just thrown out there to be a wild plot twist just for the sake of it or simple fan service (like randomly bringing Syrio back for no reason). The entire arc of the FM was not about deception and surprise. Besides, there was deception and surprise (\"Sweet girl\" and Arya's paranoia that anyone could be the Waif when she came out of the water). The arc was about Arya and not so much the FM. Their arc, which was minor, involves deception, but other things as well such as death is a gift. Arya decided that it was too cold and heartless for her, but hey, that's death. She didn't want to give up her identity and become a robotic assassin. The surprise at the end was that Arya was accepted, but turned Jaqen down. An ending appropriate for a group of assassins? It was just Arya and the Waif, 2 acolytes. The Waif failed her test. \n\nAre you seriously shitting me that pig's blood would have been better? That was possibly the worst theory and it would have made no sense whatsoever. Pretty much everything about it would have been ludicrous. What the fuck good would a pig's blood vest have done if the Waif slit her throat or shot her with a dart or a number of other things? The Waif wouldn't know she stabbed a pouch? \n\nAs for Arya's injury, there are real life survival stories that sound much more unrealistic. And, no, I'm not talking about modern medicine. I'm talking about survival stories where people have been left for dead and are a ways away from modern medicine. I've already stated that I don't like how overboard they went with the chase scene. Milk of the poppy must be one hell of a drug. Sure, maybe she should have bled out on the way to the House of B&W, but it wouldn't make for riveting TV to have to watch her recover before going back. Sure, it took Qyburn a season to bring The Mountain back, but he should have died well before that, but was apparently saved by Qyburn's magic healing ability. Arya got stabbed by a small dagger to the belly while The Mountain was stabbed in the chest with a bigass spear coated with poison.
Which, assuming my geography is right, is some more Viking representation in the show. 
Realism makes the fantasy elements more fantastic. This is why people don't question dragons and rez magic, but have a valid point in asking \"why is Sam still fat\"..
Meh, we've seen Ramsay kill people exactly when he needs to (Roose). No real reason to kill an incapacitated giant, imo. 
Considering Ramsay's chances are pretty much squat at that point, maybe he just wanted to have \"giantslayer\" bragging rights
It was a bit weird but I guess he could have wanted Jon to be pissed enough to kill him on the spot rather than keep him prisoner/torture or whatever. Even though it didn't work it's the best I could guess
He wanted to show that in defeat he can still hurt Jon.  His plan was to survive and then start torturing once he escaped; he literally did not count on dogs turning against him.
Why are you comparing it to Harry Potter? Compare it to earlier seasons of Game of Thrones, where not many characters had plot armor and ANYTHING could happen. Now in this episode, you KNEW Jon snow was gonna live and Ramsay was gonna die, so all the drama involving Jon being trampled was ruined because you knew he wasn't going to die. This show has definitely gotten worse in writing and cliche-ness (like Littlefinger showing up at the absolutely PERFECT time to save the day). The cinematography and everything was great, but the overall plot and tension has gotten more boring than the earlier seasons. 
Snow could also have died here and again resurrected by Mellisandre.
Anything being possible is not required for a good story. It still played out well, they laid the groundwork for what was going to happen. And even if Sansa didn't send the letter or LF didn't say he was going up I would have assumed something would save Jon. I was still glued to the screen wondering who would make it and if everyone on Ramsay's side would die for him or maybe run off. 
Yeah I mean its not like Jon has ever died right?
And got resurrected, no? Or you mean that people were worried that he might die and then get resurrected and come back and fight again?
Was this your reaction before ned died too? Or Oberyn? Or Robb? Game of thrones isn't liek a normal fantasy movie. People die at unexpected times, just like Duran (?) died together with that badass bodyguard everyone expected a story on.
I was shocked when Ned, Oberyn and Robb died. But I wasn't shocked when Jon died because I was a 110% certain he would make it back. Just like whenever Dany is knocking at death's door. I think the author has a plan for them in the extreme end-game of the books, and thus I believe they'll make their way out.\n\nI was shocked when Doran died too, but more because of the shitty writing of Dorne more than anything else :D
Yeah. People get so worked up about predictability and plot armour and stuff that they forget about what actually went into their eyeholes. Jon nearly died.
Jon nearly died like 5 times too.
No he didn't. It was clear that he would make it, it was clear that they would be saved be the vale cav.\n\nJon lead his army horribly, by all rights they should have perished on the battlefield. Ramsey might be a fucking cunt, but he is 3 times the strategist. Of course WunWun dies in the dumbest way possible, he costs too much and is practicable. This show is now standard tv writing.
But there were points where we were like \"fuuuuuuuuuuck\" during this episode.  
> Point 12, I will reiterate for JohnnyCwtb that Sansa was THERE when Ramsey spoke about the dogs.\n\nNo, she left just before that, after telling him to \"sleep well\".\n
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2959 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/13040)
Yeah but an assistant grip doesn't count. /s
Then maybe you shouldn't.\n
It's nothing to do with time. They need to cross the entire north to get there. It's a giant ass army marching through towns and villages and past keeps and no-one told Ramsay. It's nonsense.
They could've gotten ships to White Harbour and then marched north. It's not like many of the lords have reason to alert Ramsay
Correct. Ramsay's hold on the North was precarious as best.
It's not like the arrows were aimed at him, all he did was avoid a completely random death. I'm not sure why everyone seems to take issue with main characters not dying form random events. Sure it's plot armor, but plot armor is an essential part of good storytelling. GoT is about very specific deaths resulting as consequences for poor actions - there's nothing particularly tragic or revealing about Jon being one of the handful of guys who got shot full of arrows just because he *could* have been one of the guys shot full of arrows. \n\nI think the reason people keep bringing it up is because they saw the arrows but didn't worry that they might hurt Jon, which took some of the tension out. I get that. But I don't think I would change anything. The arrows did a lot to add to the chaos of the scene (brilliantly done), and despite his plot armor I legitimately feared for Jon being trampled. 
It's because he rushed into those arrows just like that and alone. So at first all arrow were aimed at him. Arrows were flying everywhere behind him, under him, in front of him, except that one spot where he currently was. I have no problem that he did not suffocate or any other stuff. I understand that he is main character and he will survive more then probability would suggest, but this event was over the top. I also understand that because he is main character he won't die or he will die at the end, but showing that nothing will ever happen to him when he is totally asking for it cheapens the story IMO. \n\n> issue with main characters not dying form random events\n\nThere is a difference between character riding somewhere and suddenly tree fall down because of being old and kills him. Or his horse stumbles on normal road when riding average speed somewhere and character breaks his neck. That is random death. And then there is a scene where character go up on some very high cliff and jumps down (which no one should survive) and survives. That is just dumb. What Jon did was the latter example, not the former. 
Except that they keep saying the Lord of Light \"has a plan\" for Jon Snow. If you watch under the assumption Jon is actually under some kind of divine protection, it explains all the incredible strokes of luck he experienced on the battlefield. Escaping arrows, horses, having others take hits for him, escaping suffocation. They went overboard to show us that he should have died over and over and yet he keeps escaping death. GoT style is that characters die when their death better serves the plot than keeping them around.
Yeah, I am aware of that. But exactly going overboard with showing us that nothing can happen to him is annoying me. Making it clear that main character is pretty much invincible is not exactly good writing imo. Plus don't forget that Lord of Light can be just made up. 
That's actually a pretty huge deal. It's the very first time we see Sansa *actually* playing the game, and it had nothing to do with dying her hair black and suddenly becoming Darth Sansa nonsense.
This was always inevitable with GoT, white walkers vs. westeros was always going to be a thing eventually.
The Rickon scene wasn't Ramsey being evil just to be evil, it was psychological manipulation.  He got Jon to completely abandon his strategy with it.  It was Ramsey out-mindgaming Jon.\n\nI have no idea what you're talking about with the second moment.  After Wun Wun died Ramsey just started shooting Jon with arrows, I'm not sure why you're classifying that as \"Ramsey does something shockingly evil.\"  The main point of that scene was to show how much Jon had lost control.\n\nHonestly, you're oversimplifying things to such an absurd level it almost feels like you're trying not to enjoy the episode or just not paying attention.
Fair enough. 
At least he's getting to fuck something.
Unlucky mate cheer up
like the penicillin tea and the will to live from Arrow
when did that happen? I don't remember that from either 1st or the 2nd season. Too bad it got cancelled after just 2 seasons
\"Oh, what have we got here, a lil bit of poppy milk?\"\n\n\"It's not mine sir, I'm holding for a friend!\"\n\n\"That's what all you fucking poppyheads say. You're coming downtown with me, boy.\"
Milk of the poppy is opium extract, correct?
Yes.
No you didn't
Then arrow through the eye.\n\nI hoped he would have hung on a little longer. Last of his kind and all.\n\nA Ramsey arrow through the eye is pretty bad considering all the other shots he took!
Hello, Qyburn!
Always experimenting to find new ways to save people!\n\nFor this one though, it didn't work. It did not work...
fucking Tommen
Haven't you heard? No one is. Maybe that's why he took away trial by combat...
Fuck the Hypeslayer, first of his name.
God damnit I was so happy from just watching S6E9 and you just made me sad again
That is an interesting comparison.\n\nRickon is young, and for him to die and become nothing is just unfair and cruel to him now. Jon can see something that no one else can at that moment, which makes it even more special that he tries saving him.
Him charging into the Bolton's army alone had nothing to do with saving his brother, he was already dead. 
At that point he had to charge forward. Look where the arrows landed when he charged forward: behind him. Ramsay initially anticipated Jon might try and return to his army and had his archers aim appropriately. Jon's only way to survive at that moment was to charge forward.
You should try watching the Inside the Episode. It gives a lot of insight. 
What would he need a hostage for? If he had won the battle there would be no one left to oppose him and he would have had the full support of the north. The rest of the Starks and everyone who supported them would be dead and no one would care about Rickon. Also like Sansa said in the episode he was never going to survive since him being a Stark would threaten Ramsey's claim to the north. Everything Ramsey did made perfect sense
I had no probably with Jon's cleanliness or his stoicism, it was how he blithely dove headlong into an obvious trap.
Man, it's like he got goaded and hasn't shown himself to be the most emotionally regulated character on the show.
The Stark men tend to put honor and duty above all else except love/emotion/passion. Ned with John and his false confession in King's Landing. Rob with the Vonlantis chick. John with Ygritte and charging into battle. Even Bran and his love of curiosity. \n\nIt's the Stark fatal flaw - duty and honor of the wolf, with the passion of the wolf.\n\nBesides, this wasn't master strategist Rob in command. The battle *had* to go different, else we'd not see any contrast with his brother. John would just be Rob 2.0. 
> some pretty dodgy tactics\n\nSuch as?
Such as there being none for Jon's army. Sansa not telling Jon about the Vale and then them showing up at just the right moment.\n\nRamsey surrounding them with his shield/pikemen and then just staring at them while the Karstarks decide to jump into the melee for no reason. (You can say Ramsey was toying with them etc I suppose).\n\nAlso that pile of dead bodies was ridiculous. Yeah they'd be piling on top of each other but that was something else.
Ummm, how about a full scale charge into an enemy force that is 3 or 4 times your size and has a defensible position.  It was pure suicide, and only worked because the riders of rohan magically appeared at the last moment to save the day.  Davos explicitly states the night before how they have to goad Ramsay into attacking them, so they can be on the defensive and prevent the Boltons from reaching their flanks.  \n\nGOT has done massive battle sequences superbly in the past: Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall (and stannis afterwards) were all fantastic and left this episode in the dust.  Again, I still thought it was good I just think they could have gotten the same conclusion in a much better and realistic way.  
To save Jon Snow, the leader who led them through so much.
He was an idiot and ruined his own plan
**WAAAGH!**
YOU DISGUSTING GREEN SKINS WILL BE PURGED IN THE NAME OF THE EMPEROR! ANGELS GUIDE MY BLADE THROUGH THESE XENOSCUM!
THA HUMIES HAVE GOTT'N BIGGA!
There's so much that he could've done, but I guess hindsight is 20/20.
It also deserves mentioning, if Ramsay hadn't fired arrows into his own men, he might've had enough to hold back Littlefinger. He had twice the men of Jon, so he inevitably killed more of his own men than Jon's in that volley.
Possibly... but House Bolton and the remnants of some houses aren't an army on the same order as the entire Vale.
The problem is that GRRM is notorious for stockpiling [Chekov's Guns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) in his writing, and the expectation was that that would continue in the show.  Instead, we've seen a dozen of them simply sit on the mantelpiece unfired.  It's a testament to Martin's writing that the show team has simply been unable or unwilling to keep up with his attention to detail.
TIL the word for that trope. Good to know.\n\nAlso thanks for the insight, i think that's exactly what the show has been missing the past two seasons. The only content we see is what relates to upcoming scenes and arcs, which can make the storylines feel obvious.
I'm just saying that GoT has shown time and time again how good they are with the twists. And the surprising episodes are just insane (like the ones I mentioned). So one episode that just let's everything play out as expected at face value, it's hard for me to put it up there with those other episodes.\n\nAlso, unexpected twists are what defines GoT. With other movies/shows/books the twists are far apart and you expect the good guys to win in the expected old fashioned way and you can accept that. But GoT has conditioned us differently.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I would say he was tied for first with Rickon.
A lot of people take the stories at face value.  Sansa saying they need more men, and then not offering up the Vale?  She must not have the Vale.  \n\nI mean I'm definitely with you, beating my head because, to me it seems obvious.  But I also watched last night's next to friends who literally said, \"oh FUCK\" when the knights of the vale showed up, so they definitely exist.
You're being pedantic
>If he shot him early, then it's much less likely that Jon charges. If Rickon dies right in front of him, then it's much more likely that Jon charges. In Time was a mediocre movie and that scene has a different set of circumstances. Those are different moments.\n\nDifferent circumstances well ofcourse fucking different, one is a sci fi movie, other is a fantasy show. But I'd argue they use the same cliche. I get Ramsey wanted to get him out but it doesn't make the shot of rickon getting shot just as they're about to grab each other less cliche. I know In Time is a mediocre movie, that makes it even worse.\n\n>I feel the BotB episode had better scenes leading up to the battle and had a longer, more powerful battle.\n\nYeah it was definitely more, of a battle so to speak. But Hardhome did what it set out to do perfectly in my opinion. It captured the moment of a village getting rushed down. BOTG was great yes, especially the scene with Snow just cutting down left and right, captured the war perfectly. But overall I think Hardhome had less flaws. BOTH was great, but outcome felt kind of inevitable, you were just hoping it to end in a different way than getting saved in the last moment of Knights of the Veil and I felt like the directing didn't really make the corpse wall a viable thing. The surrounding was just me nitpicking, forget that, that was ok, especially since Stark side were low number and a bunch of wildlings that aren't much for tacs, even though I feel like someone should've said something. It wasn't what got me out of the moment, what got me out of the moment was the inevitable \"well this will be solved by knights of the veil coming\" ... more desperate attempts from Tormund & Co \"still waiting\" *horn blows* \"Oh okay now they come\". Moments like that is what for me takes me out of the episode. It's not a big flaw but it is what keeps the episode from being that above great.\n\n>As for scouting around Winterfell, Ramsay was way overconfident and was focused squarely on Jon's army in front of him. He was so confident that he ordered his archers to fire into their own troops. He's not the most experienced battle commander and he favored a much more aggressive approach to war than a defensive approach or a careful approach involving scouting out around the area. He wanted to smash Jon's army right then and there sending a message to any other Houses who may be looking to disobey him.\n\nWell you have no idea what Ramsay thought. Only the writers know that, so basically you just speculate. Yes Ramsay was overconfident and needed to send a message, HENCE leaving Winterfell. But firing arrows on his own men isn't overconfidence, it's just strategy. One man for Ramsey counted less than 1 man for Snow. I mean I am nitpicking here as well but Ramsey should've had scouts. Knights of the veil is a huge army, it is led by the nephew of Catelyn Stark. If it was real life, I kind of feel like someone, just an advisor, would've maybe suggested that someone might keep an eye on the knights of the veil or atleast in the area around Winterfell.\n\n\n
Complaining about it being a cliche is a cliche. It was done in a way that made sense, so I don't see the problem. Nor do I understand why you're trying to compare it to In Time. You can only compare them by taking things out of context. I liked the Knights of the Vale showing up for the save. You could call *that* a cliche, though. However, I felt it was more fitting than the other times they've done it on the show (Tyrell/Lannister army showing up at the end of the BotBW, and Stannis' army showing up to save Jon and the NW from the wildlings). \n\nAnd yes, you can have an idea how Ramsay thought. There are cues from the show that gave you an idea into his thinking. Firing arrows into his own men is certainly overconfidence. Call it an overconfident strategy if you want. Also, it's \"Vale\" and not \"Veil\". Ramsay wouldn't be so wary of LF considering he brought him his wife.
Thanks
Yeah, I like that idea. Kill off an entire race.
Ramsey killed Wun Wun to proc his passive: \"On killing or flaying, gain 100% smug.\"
>Anything being possible is not required for a good story. \n\nIt's what made Game of Thrones popular, it's what it made it fresh and unique amongst dozens of other \"sword and sorcery\" works of fiction. You can't blame people for knocking last night's episode down a few pegs with how predictable it was that there was going to be a Knights of Rohan moment with Littlefing (and a rather contrived one at that).
The thing is, Jon has already done a *lot*, it's not extra-ordinary to think he might die, especially in a show like game of thrones. 
I'll admit, I kinda cheated with having read the books up to that point and the way he goes down in the book kind of strongly indicates that we haven't seen the last of him.\n\nEDIT: With that said, you are right. His story arc could well have ended with how they ran it in the show.
You only think Jon didn't almost die because you know that he has plot armour. How do we know that? Because the TV is (mostly) following the books. At some point, we won't know who can do what.\n\nWunWun took like 30 arrows man. It's called blood loss.
this is all the tv show now, in the books jon is dead after getting stabbed by his fellow crows and we don't know what happens after
Jesus fuck, man. \n\nI'm not inviting you to my watch party.
Good idea. If you just want mindless fun without things making sense if you think about em, you are better off without me.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1438 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26220)
I think the crew work on GoT is fantastic, but it doesn't mean their insights into the show's writing are all that great. \n\nI thought No One had some of the best writing this season, but the Director made some really funky choices in terms of tone. Further, the fact that he wasn't aware he was evoking T2 or The Godfather makes me really question how well he understands his audience or film in general. \n
They're willing to fight and die for him but sending a letter, well jeez that's where we cross the line.\n
Cancelled?
You obviously haven't visited /r/Arrow in a while.
Yep. It was actually cancelled midway through Season 3. Then they replaced it with some CW romantic crap called *Felicity and Friends*.
That's the joke.
Yeah after the first season actually I don't know what /u/ohwellhell is talking about
\"As long as I don't get laid, the rest of you can't have any fun either!\"
Arya is fucking Tommen?!
I honestly thought this was what they meant....\n
I understand emotion, but to disregard all vestiges of sensibility and the lives of the men following him, for what couldn't be a more obvious ploy by Ramsay, come on GOT is better than that.  I did enjoy the episode, I just don't think it was as good as many are clamoring it to be.  \n\nEpisode 10 has a ton going on and should be a fun ride though, I'm sure there will be plenty to digest going into the off-season hibernation
He'd just seen his brother murdered. People aren't known for caring about sensibility mere seconds after witnessing the deaths of loved ones, especially when the killer is so close. 
> Such as there being none for Jon's army\n\nAll tactics went out the window once Jon took on the Bolton army himself. Jon fell for Ramsey's trap and gave his men no choice but to charge straight at the Boltons.\n\n> Sansa not telling Jon about the Vale and then them showing up at just the right moment.\n\nNothing with Littlefinger is ever a coincidence. He had scouts watching the battle waiting for the perfect time to swoop in and save the day. If he had joined any earlier he would have lost far more men for no reason.\n\n> Ramsey surrounding them with his shield/pikemen and then just staring at them\n\nNot sure what you mean by this. The pikemen were taking steps forward every few seconds to constrict the Wildlings and cause a crush. It was working perfectly until the Knights of the Vale arrived. As for the Karstarks they are known to be fierce warriors and probably just wanted to be in the action\n\n> Also that pile of dead bodies was ridiculous\n\nYeah I can agree with that but there thousands of men fighting in a pretty small area so it's not really impossible. \n\n
It's not like no one realised it was a terrible plan, just that they'd already done everything in their power to get more men. Jon knew they couldn't wait any longer with the White Walkers coming and even tried to settle it another way by attempting to get Ramsey to fight him 1v1. I agree the plan was poor but the show made it pretty clear there wasn't much alternative
He followed his instincts and emotions. Who wouldn't rush up to save his own brother? \n\nMy only problem is that Rickon should've said, \"you didn't say how to run\" and wink at Ramsay. Then he proceeds to run in a zig-zag way and makes it to Jon, escaping on horseback.
>Who wouldn't rush up to save his own brother?\n\nI think your army is more important than your brother. He literally almost lost the fight because of that mistake. If it weren't for the Littlefinger jumbojet arriving at winterfell.
Fair enough, I don't really know much about the houses and their armies, just thought it was interesting that he killed people that could've helped him. I loved his character. Completely ruthless and fucking insane.
Yeah, I expect that's why GRRM has had such a hard time writing the rest of the series - he's going to start having to resolve plot threads rather than generate new ones (e.g. the Whitehaven rebellion, the Golden Company, Moquorro and Victarion, etc) and that means firing off a few from his arsenal.  Since the showrunners only have 11 episodes left, they're trying to resolve all the plots ASAP and losing the extra details and subtleties that made the first four seasons and the books so much fun.  \n\nIMO it's what's underlying all the theories about Smalljon Umber and Jaqen!Arya the last few episodes, that expectation of attention to detail (there's good and subtle evidence for The Great Northern Conspiracy in the books) and inconsistency.  
You don't need a twist, but a story where you can't see where the ending is going is infinitely better than one that telegraphs it from the start. Take Dany's bit. Based on last episode, everything that happened was a forgone conclusion. We didn't need to have it shown, although I'm glad we were. Likewise, it would have been better a) if the battle hadn't of had that same ending that every battle in the show has, and b) if it wasn't obvious that Baelish was going to turn up. And this is ignoring ideas like GNC. Would it not have been better if the Umbers had joined Jon mid Battle? Twists aren't always good, but surprises are generally better for storytelling than the obvious.
Yes, but we know that in the books, Arya will not die. George said so. Regardless, Mel specifically says \"maybe he brought you here to die again\". Jon gasps for breath in a pile of bodies. We didn't even know that Sansa wrote to LF. These are all assumptions because we've been guessing the plot for a decade. We've made ourselves almost immune to surprise.
No. It's just now the most obvious solution is probably the right one.
> if you want to watch TV without a pretentious loser bitching about predictability and the books, you are better off without me.
Yeah, using your brain while watching something sure is fucking pretentious.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3970 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/12123)
I assumed you meant you worked \"in the industry\" in a way that was relevant to the writing, my bad. \n\nI agree with you on the delineation of roles, you clearly know what you're talking about there, but when you talk about \"tone\" you're talking about broad strokes, I'm talking about small decisions, like the look on Ayra's face when she's walking up to the bridge. \n\nI totally agree that Ayra behaving overconfident is a writing decision, I just don't think that it was a bad writing decision. I believe it was the direction that caused her to come off as stupid, not careless/overconfident. \n\nSimilarly, I think the severity of the stab wounds was a bigger mistake than just writing that she was stabbed (I don't have a problem with), and I think more could have been done in the editing room to demonstrate that time had passed - people were thinking that she healed overnight when it was probably closer to several weeks. \n\nI agree with you abotu the Blackfish, I didn't like that deviation from the books, although I had to admit it's consistent with the character we've seen in the show. \n\nI believe she earned the title \"No One\" by defeating The Waif. The fact that she then choose to be Ayra is a related, but separate issue. I'm not sure why so many people struggled with that, so I'll admit that it could have been more clear, but I never had a problem with it. \n\n
Tom, C'mon. 2nd season was great
I respectfully disagree. Honestly, it seemed to start getting worse each episode... like pilot was 10/10 the episode after that 9/10.. idk that was just my impression and the closer it got to \"magic\" and steered away from realism the worse it got
As Sansa said the night before he should have been fully prepared to witness Rickon die (Ramsay must also be the greatest archer to ever live to make that shot.  Of course he couldn't hit Jon while he stood in the same spot but, ya know, plot armor).  Jon has gone through, and witnessed, more pain and suffering than almost anybody in the GOT universe.  He certainly should have been able to place himself above the ridiculous all for nothing sprint into death when the future of the North, and arguably all of Westeros, hung in the balance.
I'm not saying it wasn't stupid, just that it made sense for his character. Being killed by his own brothers at Castle Black really seemed to affect him mentally and he seemed much more apathetic after that. I think the scene with Melisandre before the fight showed that he'd already accepted he was going to die and even told her not to revive him again after the fight. In my opinion after seeing Rickon die and knowing that he was already heavily outnumbered he just stopped caring and wanted it to be over, hence charging straight at the enemy
That's very true. I believe that few inexperienced commanders would just watch his own brother get shot. Jon Snow is no experienced commander. He is a good leader, but has little experience in commanding an army. 
Really? Jon being surrounded and crushed, yet surviving, is obvious if we forget about the meta? Shit man, he, instead of Rickon, could've been shot by Ramsay. Could've been sliced by the cavalry. Shot by the archers on Winterfell. Crushed. Speared.\n\nCan you think of anything that would make you actually fear for Jon's life? I doubt it. Even if he was stabbed repeatedly, you'd think 'he'll survive this, he has plot armour'.
The suspension of disbelieve was ripped away from me by how horrible the battle was going. Jon made almost every mistake in the book. It annoyed me so much that I couldn't just \"go with it\" and be immersed. The moment immersion breaks you start thinking, the moment you think you can't honestly fear for him.\n\nHe was standing in the middle of an arrow shower, yet everything missed him. That's fucking Arnold Schwarzenagger in Commando levels of plot armor.\n\nFear for a character has to be earned by a show and GoT lost that trust this season. If Arya can survive a trained killers attempt at her life after getting stabbed into her stomach 3 times. What actual fear can I have for Jon?
If you do meta, you cannot be surprised by anything that happens to Jon unless he is like, beheaded. George even said someone correctly predicted the ending to the books. We have been predicting things for an entire decade. There is no way around this.
2nd season had great plotlines, Laurel's alcoholism, Roy's transformation, Oliver trying to honour Tommy's legacy, Moira being great as always, it had some problems of course, but it was overall such a great season. Especially when it's compared to Felicity and Friends
Hmm, I hated the last episodes of the first season where it becomes hardcore sci-fi. Laurel is to me even more annoying than felicity, so I really don't like her alcoholism plot line. Roy is cool..yeah. Moira? who?
Do people not like Felicity on reddit? She's my favorite character.
Ffs.\n\nThe point of it was that Jon had a plan, and it was a good plan, but as soon as Rickon showed up, the plan went out the window.\n\nSansa accepted Rickon as dead before the battle began, and SHE had a plan, and she knew Jon was too emotional to execute.\n\nThe point isn't that Jon won.  Jon did NOT win.\n\nSansa won, by playing the game.\n\nThat is the fucking point, and if you are going into this episode without talking about Sansa you are not talking about this episode.
Sansas actions make hardly any sense, why did she not tell him that they vale riders would likely come to their aid? With that knowledge they could have grinded the bolton army to dust by having the vale riders block the path to  winderfell.\n\nSansa won by going crying to littlefinger and letting Jon win her battle for her. Rickon died cause he doesn't know what running forward and slightly to the right makes him a harder target to hit (also plot convenience)\n\nJon did not die even though he 100% should have cause plot armor.
>Jon made almost every mistake in the book.\n\nYes. Jon made mistakes, like a real human being who has a chance to save his little brother. It's called emotion.\n\n>He was standing in the middle of an arrow shower, yet everything missed him.\n\nI imagine that Ramsay told them not to shoot Jon, because Ramsay wants to play with Jon on his own (raping Sansa in front of him, etc). It can also be interpreted as R'Hollor needing him.
Most of the people used to like her. However, in 3rd season when Olicity actually became a thing, she transformed into a whiny, illogical hypocrite. She just keeps crying and judging everyone, all the time. For instance this season, she broke up with Oliver because he lied to her about his son, even though literally in a previous episode she told Donna that people sometimes have to lie to protect someone, for the greater good. It's really more of a problem with bad and inconsistent writing and focusing on Felicity more than characters who should be in the focus of a Green Arrow adaptation (Oliver, Roy and Laurel). 
Wow.\n\nSansa didn't tell Jon because she didn't trust Jon to do what was needed.  And Jon showed trust in him was unwarranted by not listening to Sansa AND not listening to his own plan!  Sansa as well has grown distrustful in general, based on her experiences.  She isn't opening up to anyone and has become very hardened.  Why WOULD she automatically trust Jon?  Having other people call the shots has only ended in misery.  She wants to call the shots so she can feel in control.  Had Jon shown a bit of sense and said 'Now is not the time to act, we are not ready.' Sansa probably would have trusted him.  She sees Jon as impetuous and willing to throw away his life for a cause, a martyr.  She doesn't want a martyr, she wants to come out on top and in control.\n\nShe won by manipulating Littlefinger.  She knows Littlefinger has a thing for her, and she can use that to get him to turn on the Boltons.  Baelish isn't the one with the power in their interactions any more, the season earned that.\n\nSo, she didn't 'cry to Baelish' she summoned him.\n\nShe knew Rickon was going to die, and that Ramsay was going to use Rickon against them.  And that it would work.  She TOLD Jon this would happen.  \n\nThis episode was about Jon fighting, but about Sansa WINNING.  Jon SHOULD be dead but Sansa saved him through her playing the game.  That's why she gets the victory closet at the end.  She earned it.
> Sansa didn't tell Jon because she didn't trust Jon to do what was needed.\n\nWhat does that even mean? Needed to do what? Win the battle? Fight the battle? He was ready for the battle, he wanted it so fast he didn't even wait properly, how is not telling him about the vale knights an advantage for Sansa, it only lowers her chance of victory.\n\n>She won by manipulating Littlefinger.\n\nShe didn't manipulate him at all, he freely offered the knights to her the first time, she rejected and later asked for them again. There was no manipulation going on. Are you even watching the show? What the fuck are you talking about.\n\nYou have no idea what you are talking about.
Jon couldn't be trusted to execute Jon's plan.  Seriously, didn't you notice that?  Did you take a piss when Jon was explaining the plan and then Rickon shows up and Jon goes fuck the plan and runs out into a slaughter?\n\nDid you not notice that seen of Jon being trampled and suffocating because he's in a situation that is literally over his head?\n\nDid you not watch the scene where Sansa and LF talked and Sansa was the one in control?  LF didn't put Sansa in a position where she needed him, this wasn't his plan.  Sansa found LFs one weakness (her) and exploited it.  And Sansa has leverage over Petyr,  as she is the one who can remove Baelish from his position in the Vale. \n\nSansa won that war.  Not Jon.
Plot armour is not being able to die on your own. Sansa *saved* Jon. Jon didn't magically survive because he's Jon.
Well, the beasts are starving...
They haven't been fed in 7 days (since the previous episode).
I'm pretty sure that's grounds for eviction. Call your landlord and get a new roommate. He'll understand
grounds for ~~eviction~~murder
Argh, I almost downvoted you for how much I disliked his comment.
[deleted]
They wasted too much time on it. I would've been much happier for it to cut away to the sandsnakes right after Jon charged, and then after a 10 minute scene of Dorne it cuts back to Jon standing over a beaten up Ramsey.
The Sandsnakes are inexplicably in Winterfell. They assassinate Jon while he stands over Ramsay's bloodied body. They hiss at Sansa and call her a bitch. They teleport away.
Oh my god, you're a monster. You're actually a bigger monster than Ramsey. 
Yeah, and fuck the TOJ flashbacks, I want Bran to show us Oberyn taking Obara to court.
Nice troll 10/10
I literally scowled until I got to \"sandsnakes\" and then started laughing. 
Beware. They are back for the next episode. They are on the cast list. 
I'd rage.
They are in the cast for the next episode.
OMG I miss the sisters so much, the highlight of this season so far!\n\n/s
Don't show him Blackwater then
I believe you meant your ex-roommate.
[deleted]
Schroedinger's Critic
I wanna downvote your roommate, please pass that along
This is like complaining the water is too wet and the desert is too dry
My friend called it fan service.
Me to your roommate: \"I don't like how you're still drawing breath.\"
I'm only willing to forgive the episode the time it spent *not* on the battle because it was so great to see the dragons burning the Master's fleet.
There are always those people who pretend like they have a critique look that is just more mighty and holly than everyone else...
really annoying when self annointed critics try channeling reality tv food critics on Yelp!
I bet he didn't like The Return of the King. 
Not enough Sand Snakes
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
feed him to the hounds
I'm guessing he didn't see the battle at the wall episode from season 4
Can your roommate read? The episode is literally called 'Battle of the Bastards', what on earth was he expecting?
Tell your roommate you wanna play a game. Get a bow ready.
I didn't like it when the wildlings attacked Castle Black but that's mostly because the battle wasn't as epic as I had thought it would be. This one though I was so happy with. The entire time it was raw power and death everywhere and I kind of wish they had given it more time.
you have a roommate problem. 
And then you frogged his arm so hard he's still rubbing it and going \"Owwww\"
Fuck sake there is always something 
but it was only half the episode 
your roommate is a dumb idiot. they do that shit like every season!
I also get bored after like 15 minutes of battle. Fortunately, this one had a *lot* going on and was really well done (crush scene, etc).\n\nBut I still prefer episodes like S4E1 which begins with reforging Ned's sword and the small council, introducing Oberyn, and so on. Subtle, well-written scenes. And humor
Well know you know he takes it in the butt if your ever feeling frisky
Listen, there's only so many minutes of guts and screaming and fast camera movements that some of us can take at once. Hope I didn't miss anything important by skipping 90% of the battle...
You're a talker.
Watch a different show then, and try sounding less smug. You'll asphyxiate if you head goes any farther up you ass.\n\nI'm guessing you don't like Saving Private Ryan either.
it was a pretty shit battle too. \"Oh no this mountain of dead bodies is blocking our only escape\"
\"Jon snow is an idiot if I had been leading an inferior army to retake my home and Ramsey killed my brother I would have felt no emotion what so ever\"
Easy to say when you're not watching your little brother get shot in the back when you're seconds from grabbing him
Well he isn't a Stark. This was a classic Stark move. 
It's a valid criticism. Jon Snow trying to 1v1 Ramsay's army wasn't just dumb, it was the dumbest thing that's happened in the entire show. 
I mean, I loved the episode as a fan of the show and a fan of great action, but it wasn't necessarily the best episode ever. This was more of a show piece for the action capabilities of the show.
If you only look at directing and cinematography it was the best episode imo, but it wasn't the most well-written one.
I have to agree. Hardholme, Rains and The Climb still stand out to me years after, there was just something about those episodes. Even this season I thought E5-7 are extremely strong episodes. Thing is, GoT has set the bar SOOOO HIGH that even an episode as good as this just seems par for the course.\n\nBe happy they didn't sneak in any Sand Snakes =P
I think that if this shows retains a 10 that would give confidence for HBO to spend even more money on the last season. Because you know somewhere they give out a budget for each season, and the producers were like fuck it, let's spend 30% of the budget on one episode. Not wise spending, but it could pay off. \n\nI think in terms of action, this is the best one yet. As an episode for development, it finally concluded a few things that have been brewing in past seasons. Daenerys has her fleet, army, and grown dragons (or at least early adult) and is now ready to march. The Starks are back in charge of Winterfell and the main stopping force (Boltons) are dead, some unification of the North is still needed, but for the most part the large antagonist of the North is dead. And because of the turmoil in Kings Landing, the Lannisters are too busy to deal with what's going up North. Meaning, that for the most part the North is almost back to where it first started in S1. \n\nI mean there wasn't much story, but a lot of plot points got finished up. 
Absolutely this!! 
My one issue with this episode that to some degree it was almost \"too violent to be cathartic\" and also rather predictable in everything that happened.\n\nIf I didn't spend time talking to my friends loads and thinking about the show loads then maybe this wouldn't have been the case but quite simply I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight. \n\nAlso it might just be me but some of the scripting was a bit cliche, the whole \"no you misunderstand we're here to negociate your surrender\" and Tormund not understanding basic tactics in the comical way he does was a bit eh. Maybe I just look for too gritty an experience throughout every single encounter in the show but it doesn't make me dislike the show at all really.\n\nThe scene at Mereen was nice to watch but felt a little like it was just flexing its CGI muscles and acting as fan service to those wanting to see action from the dragons. \n\nI'd still rate the episode like at least 8.5/10 because it was very entertaining but that doesn't mean I don't have some gripes with it.
>I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight.\n\nI agree with you that it was predictable, but I don't see it necessarily as a bad thing.\n\nGame of Thrones has given us a lot of unpredictable twists and turns, but the thing is that every decision made in the story has consequences. Eventually you make enough unpredictable decisions in the writing that the consequences converge towards certain events that become inescapable. Events that just have to happen for the story to progress in a sensible, cohesive, logical manner.\n\nThis episode was that for me. It was the consequence of decisions made prior. Which is why I'm actually extra happy that they turned the episode into such a visual spectacle, with great cinematography and action choreography. And even better, it's the episode before the season finale. We got the predictable stuff out of the way. Now we're headed for the really crazy shit that's going to cap it all off for us until next April.
Exactly. Definitely my favorite episode of the series, as someone who's favorite character was Robb, but I don't think it was the best all-around.
>  predictable in everything that happened.\n\nWhen unpredictable is the rule, the predictable is unpredictable too.
Maybe it's because I'm still emotional from having watched the episode 15 minutes ago, but I immediately hate this guy.
He's actually a pretty solid reviewer.  I always see his reviews linked for shows that I watch and generally agree.  It was strange seeing his review as the only \"rotten\" one on Rotten Tomatoes when I checked last night.
no, it's because you are incapable of critical thinking, and whenever someone dislikes what you like, you hate him.
Youre a fucking moron and your tastes are shit.
I'm not in the \"didn't care for the episode\" camp but I didn't think it was amazing or anything.  I'd say it was a good not great episode.  It isn't Hardhome, Watchers on the Wall, Red Wedding, and Blackwater for me are the gold standard of the series.  I just think that the episode didn't live up to the MASSIVE hype.  From a cinematography standpoint I don't know if there was a more beautifully shot episode.  The Davos scene reminded me of Luke on Tatooine.  A+ for directing and filming, B for the actual content of the episode.  Maybe it's because Ramsay was one of my favorite characters, if not my absolute favorite character but I just felt like it didn't quite meet my expectations.
Well said. I have the same thought but considering how everyone's been praising the episode, I didn't say it out loud. \n\nBut yeah. For me, I felt the battle was lacking, kind of. I can't point my finger where, but I thought it didn't live up to the hype somewhere. 
What the fuck does emotional meat mean ?
Dramatic scenes that a viewer can cherish. Its a manner of speech
that review has plenty of bullshit quips in it. either he's just a sad cynical man, or doing it for clicks. very poor and excessively meta interpretation of the episode.
I agree with all of his points. Some of the battle scenes were pretty good, I don't watch GoT for battle scenes though. Season 1 is still the best season by far and it skipped over all the battle scenes.
[deleted]
i dissagree so hard
After watching a second time, I'm so glad I don't see this show through other people's eyes like Alan's. It was so amazing. 
I was very underwhelmed by this episode. The writing was pretty bad, which is the first time I encounter that with this show. A lot of the dialogue was way too simplistic. \"Don't do what he wants you to do.\" Really? (That whole conversation was gringy) And it just had a lot of nonsensical decisions from characters for the sake of getting to specific plot points. (Rickon running in a straight line...Jon easily falling into that trap... Jon's army easily being surrounded by slow-moving troops with heavy shields...Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye instead of Jon...etc.) :/
[deleted]
Doesn't Rickon's corpse count as emotional meat ?
Because we had like 4 episodes building the emotional meat of the Battle this series anyway. The Battle was just the pay off
Yeah I'm not saying it's 10/10 TV, just that initial reactions are from people who sat at home on the couch all Sunday rocking back and forth looking a blank TV all day until they start refreshing their Apple TV every 20 seconds until the new episode is available on HBO Now. I would assume these are the types that overreact....OMG BEST EVER 22/10 STARS, WTF IMDB WHY CANT I RATE IT HIGHER, IT WAS SOOOO GOOD.
What episode did you have in mind?
I have found this to be by far the best series and loved every episode except this one that I thought was crap. I went on a rant about it above
It just depends on what sort of affect you're looking for the show to have on you. This was the most emotionally immersive episode I've ever seen, and part of it could have been the action, but I think also because it stuck with just two story lines and getting a lot of singular characters' screen time rather than jumping from city to city and only getting 10 minutes per character.
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
I think the episode managed to shine and to be honest didn't think his emotional response was out of character, but you're not alone in feeling that the show is a little wobbly without the ability to \"ctrl+c,ctrl+v\" the books.
I actually really enjoyed the episode as a whole, Mereen was awesome and the final scene between Sansa and Ramsay was dope.  GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years and I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nI'll still be glued to this subreddit all week and will certainly be tuned in next week, onward. 
[Well](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U)
I'm not trying to be cynical just to be cynical, I still thought the episode was very solid and would probably rate it 8-8.5.  The cinematography was gorgeous and the acting was superb throughout.  I just feel like the actual plot for the battle could have been so much better and am saddened by the fact that it couldn't live up to some of the other major conflict episodes of the past like Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall.  
Genius but immoral tactic
Not genius. 
If Ramsey had won, his victory would have been considered [pyrrhic.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrrhic_victory) 
Also a tactic I use heavily in Total War. I'm surprised the pikemen kept their cool when Wun Wun was picking them up one by one and tearing them in half.
The men are wavering!
I don't know why Wun Wun didn't break a hole in one side, and have the men pour through the pocket--they'd fall like dominos.
No one even aknowledged Wun Wun.\n\nOh yeah they have a giant. Weve seen plenty of those down the wall in the last thousand years. 
If Wun Wun had fought at that point like a giant and not a scared woman trying to swat flies he would have wrecked house. Like, at no point did ANYBODY among the wildings go \"Hey Wun Wun.. you know what you need? A fucking tree trunk to use a club. You know, so you can kill anything.\"\n\n
Total War allows that kind of micromanagement? I feel like the formation would randomly break and soon it would be a 1 soldier v 1 soldier if possible.
Inspired by the Battle of Cannae, as [noted here](https://redd.it/4owt7p).
The youtube link inside that link gave me such a strategy boner, holy shit.
Yep, it was used by Hannibal to defeat the much larger roman armies 
Battle of Cannae?
I knew Ricken was doomed because of it. 
A... Great Northern Conspiracy, perhaps?
[deleted]
Haha woah. I've always used this username- I watched a scooby doo episode with the \"wikitikis\" before I made my yahoo messenger in 6th grade 
I just remember seeing the 4 horsemen on the ridge with that creepy music playing, and then the avalanche of wights, and getting a legit pit in my stomach. I think Hardhome will always be my favorite.
For me it goes:\n\n1. Hardhome\n\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n\n3. The Watchers on the Wall
same. there was raw terror that i've never felt in a battle scene
And that music too. \n\n*tik-tik-tik-tik-tik*
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [warning label](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Still my favorite episode. When Jon is fighting the horseman and blocks his sword.. That long, drawn out clang of metal as they both realize what happened. I get hype every time I think about that scene.
I've said it like this, BotB was a better battle, Hardhome was a better episode.  And the directors say that's kinda intended, Hardhome was a massacre, not a battle.  The real downside to BotB was just the predictable nature of the Vale ride in.  They kinda shot themselves in the foot with Littlefinger talking to Sansa in Mole's town.  If you edit that scene out, show the knights going to Winterfell when you have the scene with Petyr and Robyn earlier on, show Sansa writing a letter that isn't obvious to who, and you would have had enough tension where the ride in would have been maybe not less predictable, but more dramatic.
I feel like rains of castamere was better written but BotB was just shot so well.   
I agree, the cinematography in this episode was amazing.
This.\n1. Rains of Castamere\n2. Hardhome\n3. Battle of the Bastards
3 Battle of the Wall  4. Battle of Kings Landing 5. Battle of the B's.\n\n
Your house is dead, Bolton
Part of why I enjoyed Rains of Castamere more. Everytime a Bolton was on screen, I can't look away. RIP Roose & Ramsey - Atleast we have the hounds left. Technically they have Bolton blood in them.
Classic Bolton.\n
That was more of a massacre really
[deleted]
exactly it wasn't much of a battle, which is why I liked BoB better
It was not a battle..it was a massacre
Same could be same about last night.  I don't know that there are enough men left in Westeros to fight the Night King at this point.
I may get downvoted for this, but I actually liked BotB way more than Hardhome. \n\nThe shots, the directing, the despair. The looks on their faces. Hardhome was great don't get me wrong, but it wasn't as epic in terms of a battle. There were some great scenes and it was a great moment, but BotB was a fucking BATTLE. You could really feel yourself in the moment. \n\nWith Hardhome, I was watching an amazing battle on my tv. With BotB I was living an amazing battle on my tv.
Yep, what made BotB that great was the directing, but there were also lots of astounding shots. And well, I don't consider BotB an epic battle. The scene where Jon Snow got engulfed by both armies is precisely the way of telling that this episode was everything but epic.\n\nIf there's a word that describes this battle, I'd say visceral and yes, I love visceral scenes. 
I'm going to throw a vote in for The Watchers on the Wall. Hardhome was visually spectacular and does a fantastic job of showing how fucked everyone is, but The Watchers on the Wall was unrelenting and exciting from start to finish. Both were noticably better than this episode.
To me Hardhome felt more like a zombie attack scene than a battle. It was like a scene from a horror movie with a few fights mixed in.
Hardhome was a good episode, but the battle was just *another fucking zombie chase scene.*\n\nZombies aren't only overused as hell, they are fucking boring. They create a completely undynamic type of battle where one side is just a bunch of meat robots, reducing the battle to a pointless meatgrinder. Compare it to BoB's formations, psychological play, heroism and realistic combat, and it's not even a competition.
Yep, I could be partly agree with you, but BotB had some flaws in its narrative. I don't know if 6x10 would solve those (most of them are about Sansa and her role with the Knights of the Vale), but I felt that the battle could've been far greater than what we saw on Monday.
Yeah I remember thinking \"oh shit it's happening, they're doing it, winter is here!\"
> \"exactly like everyone expected\"\n\nEveryone who spends time on internet forums dedicated to picking apart and analyzing every detail of every episode, yes.
Additionally, surprises shouldn't be the measure of quality. This was an incredibly well written and mesmerizing episode.  One of the best battles ever filmed. \n\nPlus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. 
The opposite actually. All the obvious things that required no picking apart or analysing happened. All the picking apart and analysing led to speculation of Umbers being secretly Stark loyalists and Shaggydog still being alive. But everything pretty much played out exactly how it looked like it was going to play out.
AKA the logical development of the story.
bullshit.\n\nyou don't have to read the sub to know the cliches they've used, you just have to know enough of these kinds of stories.
it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute, there didn't need to be a discussion for that
Never thought I'd say this but... the fella that calls himself BeardMilk is right!
This. I suspected alot of what happened in this episode (not everything though), but my SO who has never read any predictions or theories had no clue what would happen, except for little finger saving the day.
Nah, the outcome was pretty obvious even if you don't follow it online.\n\nThink about it. Jon Snow isn't going to die again anytime soon. Ramsay would never hand over a hostage without doing something to them. The show has been hinting at Little Finger and the Vale's army all season. Ramsay would never let them retreat so that means Jon is going to win. The line about his dogs being hungry, but never showing the dogs is totally a [Checkhov's gun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) situation. You knew the dogs would eat at some point in the episode.
No, it was fairly predictable for anyone willing to think even a little about the next episode. Dany comes back with her dragon right as Mereen is hopelessly under siege after all attempts at peace have been made, so obviously she's going to lay waste to their army with her dragons. The title of the episode makes it clear that Jon and Ramsey's armies are going to fight, and of course Ramsey was going to die in this episode. Jon wasn't ever at risk because you can't revive a character just to immediately kill them off again. We knew Littlefinger would be coming because the show already told us he was mobilizing the Aerie's troops toward Winterfell. Rickon has never been important to the story, so of course he was going to die. Since they were at the same campsite Stannis used, it was a given Davos would stumble across some evidence of what happened to Shireen.\n\nThe show put everything perfectly into place before setting off the dominoes, so it was very easy to see how things were going to unfold.
Come on, you're giving people far too little credit.\n\nSansa had met with Littlefinger, then written an extremely obvious letter. She then starts acting all coy and weird, so it's obvious he's gonna swoop in and win the day.\n\nSansa literally says ~5 minutes before the battle that Rickon is as good as dead.\n\nJon stands solo against cavalry, and lives. Tormund lives. Davos lives. Sansa lives. They retake Winterfell. Ramsay dies. \n\nSaying that it didn't go exactly as expected is really giving a lot of people a huge disservice. The internet picking apart brigade immediately settled on what happened as the baseline, and THEN started considering theories of what twists could possibly happen, or who they might kill off.\n\nIt's being telegraphed far, far too hard. The show is starting to lose suspense. When Arya was stabbed, there was no suspense because of course she lives. There are lots of little things like that.\n\nI also feel like the season finale has already been spoiled at this point due to how heavy the telegraphing has been. I'll put it in spoiler tags out of courtesy.\n\n[S6E10 Speculation](#s \"So far this season, we've had two hints, and one outright slam-in-our-face confirmation of it. Bran's vision showed a huge green explosion. Cersei asks Qyburn how much is down there, and he says \"Much more\" or something along those lines. Then last episode, we have Tyrion explain in detail that there's a huge cache of Wildfire underneath Kings Landing, specifically highlighting one of those areas as The Great Sept of Baelor, which just so happens to be the location of Cersei's trial.  \nThe first two are really nice subtle hints for the analysts. The third one is \"If you hadn't got it already, there's a huge cache of wildfire underneath the great sept of Baelor that Cersei knows about now.\" There's also Dany's vision in the house of black and white of the destroyed throne room, which again is a good hint. But they've over telegraphed it, and Tyrion's highlighting of it all is too much. It's at the stage now where a couple of casual show watcher friends have figured it out. I don't think anyone figured out the Red Wedding if they hadn't read the books, even though it's hinted at a decent amount beforehand in the show.\")
That's why I stay away from this subreddit before big episodes happen.. It sucks not trying to piece things together in your own mind and just having people guess every possible outcome.
It's also almost like a series of books/TV episodes has been building up to this moment/episode. Of course we know most of what was going to happen - they've specifically been setting it up. Littlefinger's arrival, Ramsay manipulating Snow into fighting on his terms etc.\n\nThe show had two choices: Jon Snow wins, Jon Snow loses. In any other show it would have been painfully obvious, but anyone who says they didn't think there was any chance Ramsay would win is just lying to themselves. I've seen complaints saying \"GoT just caved and became like every other show where the good guy wins.\" It would be even more predictable if the good guy *never won* which GoT was really in danger of becoming.
Nah
it only took the average viewer 5mins to see littlefigner ex machina coming, amazing cinematography or not\n
My internet illiterate parents rolled their eyes at the writing. It was predictable to a T, the only good writing in the episode was Yara eye fucking Danaerys, the rest was just stock low fantasy tropes shot really really well.
Honestly everything going as expected was somewhat refreshing. The show has scarred me so much that the whole time I was just sitting waiting for something to go horribly wrong. For Jon or Tormund to die in battle. For Ramsay to have something else up his sleeve. Having the characters you want to cheer for win, solidly, is something that rarely happens and felt so damn good to see finally. I fully expect things to fall apart next week, but even just a temporary satisfaction is worth it.
This this this.  I was noticeably uneasy by all the moments during the episode where I thought 'Hmmmm, things are going WELL'\n\nAlways preceded by moments when I thought for sure Jon was a goner.  Dodging arrows after Rickon's death... that moment where it looks like he's about to be trampled by the cavalry... the moment where he does get trampled and nearly suffocates... the arrow that finishes Wun Wun.
yes it was predictable. But what people often dont understand is that this is a good thing. The GoT universe is so well done that we here on reddit with enough time and opinions can pretty much predict the most things. That shows the qualty of game of thrones. Of course some surprises are nice (and hell we actually got enough surprises) but using predicatble as a qualtiy measurment in a negative way doesnt seem right (atleast not in got)
It was predictable, but I was still on the edge of my couch the whole time. My body was literally shaking, my heart was thumping out of my chest, and I'm pretty sure I had an anxiety attack during the crush sequence. I can't think of anything I've ever watched, tv or film, that gave me such an intense, visceral physical reaction. Loved every second of it. 
Overly predictable? What else could have happened?
Go watch M Night if all you care about are twists.
Yea, it was predictable.  But a story shouldn't be judged by how unpredictable it is.  An episode can be predictable, but with incredible delivery, it just doesn't matter, i.e. last night's episode.
You know what didn't play out like we expected?  Arya and the Waif.\n\nDo you want that instead?  Do you want more sand snakes?  These are the things absolutely no one expected.
I'm sad that it was as obvious as it was. Literally told the person I was texting \"littlefinger rides in like gandalf\" queue that happening. Also sad that Ramsay died, I would have enjoyed seeing him be released by littlefinger for more games.
But here's the thing. Was it predictable? In a typical sense, yes! Absolutely. But both the book and show played with tropes of people you'd think would have plot armor until you find out they don't in the worst way. Both have shown that they can pull out the rug from under you at any time, so while yes we knew LF would come, rickon would die and the Stark loyalists were grossly outmanned and would lead to a LF SAVES THE DAY SITUATION, any of those things could not have happened and it would be believable in the context of the show. Even down to Jon dying, even that wouldn't have been bullshit thrown in for shock value. It played with the tropes it managed to destroy to create new tropes that last nights episode played with
I agree that an episode \"playing out as expected\" can detract from its overall rating. However, if you were anything like me, you were an absolute nervous wreck the whole show. I suspected it to end how it did but after almost six seasons I honestly had no true idea how it would end. I was quite certain Ramsay would die and Starkes to take over but I didn't know who else would also die.\n\nFirst I actually got nervously excited for a 1 v 1 battle, didn't happen. Then I got nervous, no, I actually came to terms with Johns death as the Bolton Calvary charged. I felt hope fade away and acceptance of this honorable death, I thought there was no way his army was close enough to save him; didn't happen. Then I thought John might actually get trampled to death (which was starting to make me angry but wouldn't put it past the writers to show how fucked war is) and that shot had me gasping for air; he didn't die then either. Add in my constant nervousness about what exactly Ramsay was going to do each time he showed up. \n\nJust because a show ends up how you expected, I would argue, doesn't mean it's writing and execution don't warrant it a high rating. I say this because that seems to be the consensual criticism of this episode. I was absolutely moved and stunned by last nights episode more than I ever had been in the show. To me; it was the greatest battle scene ever shot. It was like Lord of the Rings (several homages I felt throughout) but more realized and much grittier.
Red weddings certainly top 5 for me, and if i'd not read the books, it could easily be top. 
Yeah BotB had a lot more depth of story, but hard home's shock and awe left a deeper impression 
Thanks, I was worried for a minute there
*ejaculates uncontrollably*
Where in the world are there still video stores? 
Small towns 
The ghetto
HMV/Virgin store?
Movie trading company
... I love Scarecrow Video in Seattle. They have a lot of OOP and hard-to-get foreign titles.
IMDB is good but you have to give the score time to settle out. There is a lot of overshoot initially. 
Oh yeah totally. Even after the settling out period I have a sense they retain a bit of overshoot. Some of your older movies never had the initial fanboy brigade to start off with. Hasn't prevented Shawshank or whatever doing well though I guess.
I agree with that, I see some very questionable films at 80% on Rotten Tomatoes and great ones at <50%. Imdb is the more reliable score, can't speak for metacritic.
You just gotta be aware of the curve. Imdb score of 5 is basically 0. While 8.5 is a perfect 10.
RT used to be the absolute best. These days you have to take everything with a giant grain of salt.
Where did you get a time machine???
Bran describes the covers for me. Also there is one left in the next town over that has become half a tobacconist and they bundle and lend new release movies for 2 days so it's like ~5 times cheaper than a movie vending machine so I make sure I swing by when I'm there running errands and rip whatever I hire.
I does not always agree with the IMDB score but when I don't the margin of \"error\" is usually much smaller than with Rotten Tomatoes.\n\nAlso, RT's main score is what percentage of people thought the movie was okay. Useful for some I'm sure, but I want to know how good a movie is.\n\nThe fact that IMDB is a movie database at it's core is also great since when I've seen a good movie I want to know all about it's production, actors, writers, directors etc.
Honestly I just don't see the point in RT when there is IMDB... More accurate more info. The only reason I'd go to RT is to see a shitty movie with a \"splat\" next to it and some schadenfraude.
Anything over 7.0 might be decent but rating shows, movies or episodes depending on what rating they have, ESPECIALLY the ones above 7.8, is inaccurate as fuck. It's all just hype, trying to buff up the score by giving it a 10, or the opposite and giving it a 1. Using IMDB rating in any kind of argument of what episode is best, or even hinting at it having some kind of value in a discussion, like OP has done, in my opinion is pointless.
Hrm. Whilst I agree that it shouldn't be treated as any kind of final arbiter about a 8.5 movie being definitely better than an 8.3 movie I can't agree that you can't \"hint it has some kind of value in a discussion\" that's going a 50 miles too far in the other direction. It's no more hype than RT and is more accurate as when you hype or punish it's not just an up or down. I think it has some value in a discussion once you give it a few months to settle down. Obviously not mere hours after the episode went live and OP is helping brigade.
What's your problem with metacritic?
It weights scores based on how famous etc the people reviewing it are... Which er... Isn't what I'm after. If I wanted that I'd listen to the critics I knew had the same tastes as me. I can't say I've found Metacritic to be overly reliable but I will admit I haven't given it the chance maybe it deserved after I hit scores I didn't agree with to contextualise what a 60 there means vs a 60 on RT vs 6 on IMDB etc.
[deleted]
I trust IMDB from HUNDREDS of watching experiences. If there is nothing good there i'll even go 6.7-6.9 and be ok. Anything over 7.5 is usually really good. I don' think I've ever come home and watched a movie and gone \"IMDB lied to me\".. Not in the they said it would be good but sucked way.. maybe the other way \"hey that 6.0 movie wasn't bad at all\". I see dumb shit on RT all the time as it seems easier to punish a movie there.
Metacritic is awful since they weight different people and critics differently, Rotten Tomatoes also has some very weird ratings e.g. https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/1017699-robin_hood/
I don't trust Rotten Tomatoes.\n\nhttps://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/sharknado_2013/
**50% FOR ARGUABLY THE GREATEST ANIMATED DISNEY MOVIE EVER?** That is some shit.
Wow, I've never seen this Robin Hood rating. Bizarre
>I actually worked for a neuroscientist who studied all these different ratings sites.  He found that IMDB was the most accurate.\n\nMost accurate in what sense?
Most accurate predictor of quality.  I don't remember the specifics that well, but I'll see if I can find the work.
What a load of Bollocks.
That's just what told me dude.  His name was Pascal Wallisch.  I linked his blog somewhere else in the thread.  He was a little eccentric.
No you didn't 
Believe what you want but I'm not going to link my CV on reddit.  The scientist's name was Pascal Wallisch at NYU\n\nEDIT: here's the patent where he did the work I think (but again it was a long time ago) https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2008073633
Because it is...
Exactly. The last episode 'No One' was probably the most unpredictable episode so far this season. Barely anyone predicted that Arya would have actually been that dumb.
Or that a six-year-long training montage would end with \"okay I'm leaving goodbye.\"
After 6 seasons if we aren't able to predict some things, I'd call us terrible fans.
I can't agree with this enough!
That's the line this show has always been trampling on. This show has messed with expectations from the beginning. The only thing left that would be surprising is the heroes succeeding and getting a good resolution. And then this episode happened. 
All these years of having the heroes lose doesn't pay off until the heroes win. They needed a win to keep the show interesting and episode 9 was maybe the greatest win I could think of. \n
[deleted]
Exactly what I was like. I kept checking the time on the episode. The less time left the more I wondered if he was coming at all.
I agree completely, hearing all the people talk about not wanting LF and the Vale soldiers to show up because it was predictable and instead wanting Howland Reed or Jamie Lannister show up as a 'twist'... Its fuckin st00pid, its exactly how you described it, a 'twist' that comes at the cost of decent writing.\n\nOf course LF and the Vale would show up, yes its predictable, that doesn't make it bad.
You're using a bit of a strawman here. People saying it was predictable and flawed aren't saying they want super big M Night Shamylian style twists. \n\nIt was flawed because there were lots of ways for that arc to end, and instead of an interesting one, we got the most obvious story of wish fulfillment. Ramsey could have lost the loyalty of his men, or they could have had Stark loyalists sabotage the Bolton camp. Basically anything other than \"run at them! Oh no we're losing, how could we have avoided this? Oh wait yay the Knights of the Vale are here just in time!\"\n\nNot to mention that the battle seems like it was either directed and written by people with minimal understanding  medieval warfare, or the participants in the fight were not so great at fighting as an army.
I would argue it was directed and written people with extremely high knowledge of medieval warfare -- also, the participants in the fights were not so great at fighting as an army.
How did you come to the conclusion it was written by people who didn't understand medieval warfare? Honest question. It seems to me like this was the most realistic depiction of medieval warfare I have ever seen on tv.
Things can be predictable, but not like bad predictable. Like if you predict, with doubt, something will happen, then it isn't really a bad thing. But if you're just waiting for that cliche to happen, say an army that is losing is saved in the last moment by a army of horses that charge in and clear everything up? Well that is bad predictable in my opinion. So this episode while very good is far from perfect, one of the reasons is that it used one of the most common cliches when it comes last desperate battles that has an important outcome.\n\n But then again it isn't really a very bad thing. As long as you don't abuse it. Having everyone act in character is much more important for most people.
One issue I had was with how hard they telegraphed Littlefinger and the Vale coming to save the day, to the point were I was said \"about time\" when they go there. While this has been compared to Tywin showing up at the end of Blackwater, the difference is that him showing up wasn't really telegraphed. It was hinted at by him leaving Harrenhall like 2-3 episodes earlier (correct me if I'm wrong) without giving us an obvious hint of where they were going. Same with Stannis. He left Dragonstone for the wall like 5 episodes before watchers on the wall and we didn't hear from him until he showed up in the North. They planted it early on. With littlefinger, the show pretty much told us with Sansa's letter that he would arrive at the last minute.\n\nSaying all that, I loved this episode and think it's a top 3 episode of the series.
I'll add it to the list. I have a lot of catching up to do.
Same with Lord of the Rings.\n\nPredictable doesn't mean bad. A lot of us knew the Red Wedding was going to happen. That didn't make the episode any less horrifying. 
Most people liked Empire better though, and in large part due to a surprising twist...\n\nBad example?  :)
No, because liking something better because of a twist has no bearing on liking something else that doesn't have a twist.\n\n
Yeah, but people don't watch it for the plot.
There is plenty valid points that have been made about poor writing so you have to admit you are presenting a bit of a biased standpoint there.\n\nA series is great because it's well made with few mistakes, greatness doesn't mean you just look past mistakes.
It's entertainment. If we weren't here bitching we'd have to pay attention to our lives.
Not me, to avoid that I just bitch about reddit.
It gets really tiring to see the same discussion over and over again over nitpicky details that may as well be expanded upon next episode (see: Sansa's motivation). You can just tell people are copypasting and rephrasing the same arguments in every single thread.\n\nAnd people get so instantly hyperbolic. One bad thing ruins an entire episode and characters reacting realistically with realistic flaws are instantly hated.
It's not constructive criticism. It's people looking for something to bitch about, but not being able to find anything. \"Lazy writing\" is right up there with the other two phrases I mentioned that piss me off to no end. I really just need to stay off this sub until after next week's episode. People have completely lost their minds on the theory vs. reality argument.
Everyone is falling over themselves praising this show and anyone who speaks out is being heavily downvoted! All the top comments are in favor of the show!
I understand some of the criticism but damn ... Some people write paragraphs about what they did t like!! Ok so yeah that writing seemed silly now get over it! It's not anywhere close to bad as the walking dead so I don't understand the hate
Those three weren't that bad. Man. 
9.9? That is a pretty big prediction. 
Rains of Castamere and Hardhome are both at 9.9 still.  
still at 10/10 with 25k votes get BTFO
It's at 10/10 at 30k votes right now 
It's not impossible. I myself rate this episode equal to Ozymandias in Breaking Bad and that one has 10/10 with 70k votes.
Update: 21,000 votes with a 10 still
Almost 38000 and still 10.0
Over 20k now and still 10/10
48,508 votes and still 10/10.
it says 10/10 but the actual average vote is 9.83... not sure how imdb counts those things.
[Ozymandias](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2301451/) from Breaking Bad is still at a 10.0 after over 70k votes
Well, fuck me I guess. 
It helps that this being posted here directly gives people the direct link to give it a 10 rating.
shhhhh he'll catch on! 
With 10k votes, No One is down to 8.2/10. While Battle of the Bastards has 14k votes and still holding a 10/10.
27k votes in, still a 10/10. 
32K VOTES AT 10/10
31k votes and still 10/10, not bad
34k and still at 10 as of 3:27EST. 
40+K now, still 10/10
>This episode has it after 8,000.\n\nAfter it was posted to reddit and facebook specifically talking about votes.
That happened to the door. It lost a lot recently because of a large effort to drop it.
The Door has simply fallen from a 9.8 to a 9.7. A very small drop I think.
Well it didn't really work considering it's still the 4th highest rated episode. 
you don't know imdb. At a certain amount of votes, things rarely stay close to 10
It will stay high for this episode. Rains of Castamere and Hardhome are still 9.9 after over 40K votes.
I don't know why you are getting downvoted. This is what happens with every popular movie and TV show on IMDB. 
[deleted]
12,811 10 ratings and counting at the moment
That's with under a 1000 ratings though. Happens with movies as well. This is however at 15,000 at the moment. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2301451/
For me it shows 10 in 11,276 votes. :)
Showing 10 in 25,812 votes now ... \n
Here it's showing 10 with 88.201 VOTES! How did it get so much votes in such a short time period?
People aren't angry with the lack of battle scenes, they're angry with the bad writing. Lots of good moments, but the stuff in Braavos was pretty confusing, Arya taken by surprise by the assassins she just fled from etc. But yeah, people might be hating a bit to much, I agree.
Arya being taken by surprise by the assassins she fled from was the episode before.  People just came up with all sorts of absurd theories to try to explain it that \"No One\" disproved.  Honestly, I think half the hate for the episode comes from people people expecting things (some justified, some not) that weren't there.\n\nIf it had been earlier in the season and not episode 8, and people hadn't gotten themselves hyped up for things like Cleganebowl or Arya faceswap shenanigans, I think it eoupd have been seen as a perfectly average episode.  Nothing special, but not terrible.
This episode has bad writing(and a few choices which probably fell to the director) as well, except this episode didn't focus on writing it focused on the battle. The episode with Arya focused on writing as did the whole Arya story even tho at end all together made little sense. (Probably GGRM wouldn't tell them what happens in the books so they had no idea what to do with it on show). All they could do was put Arya at the point she is suppose to be when she goes back to Westeros so that they can continue to use her as a character in the show.\n\nIt is obvious that without following the books the show's writing is just not up to par but instead they have all the pay off theories/battles they can do and directors like this one can deliver  the epicness.
The battle itself was great, but there were moments of bad writing with Sansa and the Knights of the Vale. In my opinion, playing more with that element would have given the arrival of Littlefinger and company the best outcome possible.
The previous episode had a chase scene that looked like made by someone that knows as much about directing chase scenes as me.
The entire Arya arc culminated in nothing. She suffered multiple stab wounds and was basically fine the next day after sleep/bandages. Her getting stabbed in the first place was asinine, and out of character. Basically, the entire faceless God arc turned out to be meaningless filler and that annoyed a lot of people.  
Honestly I think some ppl get upset when their particular tinfoil theory doesn't pan out
That may be valid for some fans, but this is dismissive of a variety of reasons that ep received criticism. Personally I came in expecting little but still ended up disappointed -- aryas storyline failing to deliver after two years a satisfying payoff, little emotional resonance, a very cheesy terminator chase scene that felt out of style with the universe of GoT, and poor, contrived dialogue like \"finally a girl is no one\" really brought down the episode for me.
I didn't buy into the tinfoil theory but I was still pretty upset by the episode. I watched the episode, disliked it, then checked this subreddit if other's disliked it too..\n\n\n
The writing was poor. Could care less for an actual battle scene.
No, GoT is a show you watch for the battle scenes (although episodes like Blackwater, Hardhome and now BoB are some of the highest rated in the entire show, although that's because of the stakes being quite high in those episodes more than anything else), and that makes it good or bad. Last episode was a bit crippled by some bad writing, particularly with Arya. \n\nAt least she's actually going to hopefully do something now, instead of doing was feels like basically nothing for 2 seasons. 
Are we watching the same series? Arya has one of the most interesting arcs in the series in my opinion. She went from being a noble to peasant to assassin apprentice. 
\"come at me bro\"
Honestly though, I'm super biased as well I think, but most episodes with parts not set anywhere in the North are generally worse than those in the North. It has the most exciting plot and characters usually. We have some good other stories again this season though I think with the hound and Jamie finally doing things. And it took Dany 6 seasons but she finally had some excitement. 
I think it's because we know the North is where the real fight will be taking place. Everything else is just politics until the Night King decides to make his big move. The North is the endgame.
Hardhome was so unexpected. There was hype for thia
The best part about Hardhome was that guest actress they had.  Lord, she was probably my favorite character on the show.  RIP.
Karsi. Now I'm imagining how badass she would have been in this battle. Shame she had to go and tell her kids she'd be right back. No one comes back from that. 
Her, Jamie and Euron -- all played by Danes. Glad to see some viking representation
We may see her next episode near the Wall, don't be so pessimistic...
Yeah considering all the hype, this episode left me a tad underwhelmed...But seeing how I expected nothing from Hardhome, I guess that made it one of the greatest episodes of all time.  \n\n\n\nThe sheer amount of uncertainty, the way things were unfolding, that was one of the only times I was uncertain any of the characters were gonna survive.
Battle of the Bastard was chocolate ice cream, Hardhome was vanilla with chocolate swirl. Both really delicious, but I prefer vanilla with chocolate swirl.\n\nRains was strawberry, which I normally don't like, but this time it was really good.
The sound production was huge on why it was so good, no wonder it won an Emmy for that ep
TADA DA DADA
\"Target acquired\"
It's a visual metaphor for the fans chasing Maisie when they see her on the street.
Well, we've never seen this kind of representation of battle it was extremely brutal with tons of bodies pilling up a main character getting drowned in his own men. The only stereotypical thing were the knights of the vale but the rest of the battle was something that i at least haven't seen before and it was amazing
It was basically the Saving Private Ryan of GoT with all the grittiness.
He was a good commander until he let his emotions get the better of him. If your little brother was gunned down in front of you, good luck keeping your composure in the heat of the moment. \n\nHe's smart but young and emotional. We all know that already.
You should not be downvoted for a valid oppinion. When Jon charged like a blind idiot the battle was immediately lost and the way it had to end was extremely obvious. The only real tension in the battle was wether major characters will die or not.
Oh, I don't mind being down-voted. We all saw the episode, I'm comfortable with my take on it. But thanks. :)
Jon had a wlel thought out plan. It was just that Ramsay was a better manipulator and when he managed to successfully create a scenario where jon would lose his emotions, then the battle turned into a slaughter
Are you saying it was unpredictable? Come on man, it was well directed cliches from start to finish. The last second arrow through Rickon, Jon's ridiculous plot armour in battle where he seemed to survive through pure luck, the last second arrival of Littlefinger and co when the Starks were about to lose, Sansa killing Ramsey etc.
I completely agree. Very well directed, and that slowly-tightening encirclement was pretty spectacular, but it was nothing but clich\u00e9s - all the ones you mentioned, plus at the end when Jon and Ramsay meet and Ramsay is firing arrows at Jon *while Jon's soldiers stand around and just watch* because it wouldn't be climatic enough if one of those soldiers just did what they're supposed to do, defend their leader, and shot Ramsay.\n\nIt will be interesting to hear the writers justify Sansa keeping that whole correspondence with Littlefinger secret for some reason, much less Littlefinger being able to sneak an entire army on to the battle field without Jon or Ramsay's scouts knowing anything.
I think it would've been so much better if it wasn't the vale that came, but the other lords. They've mentioned the Manderly's so much this season that it really fucked me over when it wasn't them that came to the rescue
I don't give a fuck. I had the biggest shit eating smile on my face when Jon was beating the absolute shit out of Ramsey that was only eclipsed when Ramsey was eaten by his dogs.\n\nI don't care if it wasn't perfect. That made it all worth it.
It was a good episode cinematically but from a story point and character development it just failed. What it did really well was make everyone look past story and characters by having a huge action sequence and having Ramsay brutally murdered like everyone wanted. Appearantly that's enough to get a 10/10 episode rating.
These people deserve AIDS.
A lot of people had the same issue. HBO needs better servers. 
I cannot agree with you more.\nI still remember my initial reaction to Rains of Castamere, staying still and not being able to comprehend what had just happened and Hardhome, the silent gaze of Jon as the white walkers stood up..masterpiece !\nWhat great, great episodes they truly were !
Can't. For some reason they're really full...
To be honest, that's a pretty good point. Not to take away from the episode or anything, but why didn't Ramsay just shoot Jon snow lol
Not really Ramsay's style, quick deaths.
Jon's just a man whereas Wun Wun was a giant. Ramsey always thought he had the advantage over Jon, even while he was launching arrows at him. I'd say he still thought he could escape up till the point where he realised his dogs were no longer loyal.
Yeah it was a bit weird, but I don't think Ramsay expected Jon to ditch his sword and two hand a shield. He started panicking at that point. Jono my boy just too smart for Ramsay.
He shoots Jon, then he has a bunch of arrows rain down on him, and he loses. His only chance is to beat Jon in a fair fight.\n\nAlso, Wun-Wun was a bigger threat to Ramsay than Jon. Wun-Wun could rip Ramsay in half, Ramsay thought he could kill Jon before Jon got to him.
If I had to guess, Ramsey shooting Wun Wun in the eye is probably another one of his taunts at Jon. Sort of like how he used Rickon to lure Jon into the open. He could have easily shot an arrow into Jon, however his goal was to psychologically mess with him instead.
Ramsay was over-confident, and thought he could beat Jon in a fair fight. 
If he had shot Jon, it was insta-death for him an instant later. He was surrounded by wildling archers. Instead, he goads Jon into a 1v1 situation, in which case he at least has a chance they'll take him prisoner, which they actually do. He would have survived even further if it weren't for Sansa. The Roose warned him not to mistreat her, and in the end it was his undoing. That is clever writing, but people tend to focus on face value and stop there. 
He tried\u2014he shot like four arrows at Jon's shield.  Wun-wun probably seemed like a more present threat than Jon at that moment.
Meh if he shot Jon Snow he would just have been resurrected later anyways. This way he killed a fucking GIANT.
Because Jon was having a moment with Wun Wun and he wanted to take that away from him. Regardless...that one thing doesn't make it a one star episode.
I thought it was ramsay rationionalziing that he could take Jon in a 1v1 but not wun wun. 
Because again we know that Ramsay is cruel to a fault. He wants to see Jon suffer and lose loved ones. He's overly confident that he'll be able to simply kill Jon right afterwards. 
My eyes feel purified. I feel reborn.
Thank you for introducing me to that sub. 
People think they are Roger fucking Ebert for openly disliking something that most people love.
Was it the logical route to have Littlefinger and co turn up exactly as they were about to lose the battle? That along with Sansa killing Ramsey, the last second arrow, Jon's plot armour in battle... So any cliches.
Yes, it was the logical route. If LF had shown up at the start, it'd be a short ass anti-climactic episode. \n\nRamsey killed Wun Wun instead of Jon, because he wanted to fight Jon one on one. I don't see why people keep picking at that. If he killed Jon, there's still like 10,000 enemy soldiers in his castle.\n\nYou guys are so jaded if you're sad about things being \"expected\" this episode. It was wonderful and a landmark for TV cinematography. 
  Literally, no.
Fun fact: the definition of literally was actually changed to include to mean figuratively as well!\n\nI actually hated it at first, but it's growing on me.
Jon wins the battle, but only because Littlefinger shows up at the exact right moment.\n
Exactly.  This basically rendered all the planning irrelevant.\n\nAnd for whatever reason Sansa just decides to not tell anyone about it, even though it could have saved thousands of lives and changed the entire course of the war.
Yes, how convenient. The series seems to be relying more and more on characters showing up at the exact right moment to get another out of trouble.
  The point was that ramsay had a plan , he worked it and it worked well. No Littlefinger and Jon and every man there would die.\n\n What is your point? That since Ramsay got killed, jons inability to control his zombie emotions was excusable. His blowing the plan was OK?
The point is that this series has generally been good about not shielding characters from the consequences of their actions. In fact, that's what sets GoT apart from other shows. But these last two episodes felt like something out of a basic cable drama, where the good guys can behave in all manner of stupid and still win in the end.
So long as we get the punchline to the donkey in the brothel joke...  tenouttaten
Jon's survival was almost entirely due to his incredible ability to dodge arrows, would be my main complaint. He behaved like an absolute idiot, tactically. 
My take on the arrow dodging ability is due to the Lord of Light's plans with Jon. He didn't bring back Jon just to die to an arrow barrage.
If it wasn't arrows, it would be something else. If you're front line, you generally ain't surviving that shit in any film/scene without plot armour, it's just a case of how well they execute it all, and in that sense, it was a complete success.
Then again, there are stories of survival against greater odds for some men throughout history. \n\nI like that 'luck' or 'the God(s)' is partially responsible for his survival. 
It's almost like he has changed since he died
I dont want to be that guy, I did love the episode, but it was entirely predictable with few genuine twists. Compare it to the Battle of the Blackwater where it genuinely seemed it could've gone either way, we had multiple characters tackling challenges and some jaw dropping twists. This episode was definetly the best shot though.\n\nEdit: to anyone who might criticise this comment read my reply to Holken42 [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/4owx3o/s6e9_battle_of_the_bastards_is_currently_the/d4hrrug)
Personally, I hate how the lack of an unexpected plot twist is damning for so many people.  Not every major climax nerds a plot twist.  Sometimes it's okay for something to happen as expected, and it can still be awesome.\n\nAlso, there was still plenty of tension in the episode.  There were moments where I was worried something unexpected would happen.  Sure, in the end, there weren't many deaths and the outcome was what people expected, but that doesn't change the tension I felt while watching it.\n\nYeah, big twists like Red Wedding or battles where you don't know who's going to win are great.  That doesn't mean this episode wasn't amazing too.  It wasn't the best episode ever from a story standpoint, but that's fine.  It had the best action scenes in the series, in my opinion.\n\nThe big thing that puts this one above Hardhome for me, personally, is the emotion if the fight scenes.  Hardhome's fight was huge and epic and unexpected, but it wasn't emotional for me.  Just lots of action.  But scenes like the Rickon scene, the cavalry charge, the crush scene, and the 1v1 fight were more than just action scenes, there was emotion in them.
I'd rate this as being better than Blackwater, mainly because as a book reader the show has never really surprised me completely. With this episode I genuinely didn't know what to expect and I think a lot of people felt the same
Considering how GoT is it really wasn't predictable. It was very easy to see Jon dying again. If it was any other show it would've been predictable but not this one.
[deleted]
I might like the Blackwater better because I like both combatants better than the combatants in the Battle of Bastards, but the bastard battle was much better done. Plus Blackwater had Bronn and the Hound which are both pretty much universal fan favorites. 
I understand that this is GOT and twists are a big part of it, but that is not all that makes something good. I am comparing it to LOTR. Most of it was predictable enough, but the writing, acting, cinematography and battle sequences are amazing. 
Honestly, I think it only seemed that way cause we knew the battle was happening long before it did, and the side we wanted to win actually did. It's hard to make a twist stick if the good guys win.  \n\nBlackwater, Stannis, Hardhome, the good guys all lost.
The genuine twist was that there were no twists. Which is rare for GOTS
Who cares if there isn't a twist? For fuck a sake guys.. you guys are gonna make the show jump the shark because \"MORE TWISTS NOW!!\".\n\nThe show can take the logical road sometimes. That makes it better. It's a variety of elements, not just nonstop twists.
Grin reciting their oath before the giant still gives me chills
The twist is that the good guys won.
[deleted]
The problem with 'Predictability' in this show is that people get a bit too complacent and comfortable with their ideas and theories until they are completely proven wrong. I know I've heard loads of people going \"But what if X doesn't happen after all and instead Y happens?\" And become nervous. Sure, all turned out well for our characters, but not every episode has to be Rains of Castamere or Baelor, eventually the heroes have to win one or two. And thats what this episode, nay, this entire season, was all about; the Payoff.
Not as good as Hardhome, maybe a little better than the Blackwater 
I want to preface this by saying I did kind of enjoy the episode despite all the writing flaws, which is a testament to the absolutely amazing directing in the battle. However...\n\n1) Dany flying into the city on a dragon without any of the masters noticing. They even mention at the meeting they'll kill the dragons \"under the city\". What about that one you just saw fly into the pyramid? \n\n2) Dany coordinating drogon to fly over just as she finished her cool speech at the meeting with the masters. it's Tyrion who organises the meeting so it's not like she even knows she wants him to do it by the time he drops her off in the pyramid. \n\n3) Dany somehow coordinating the dothraki to kill the footmen just as she burns the ships. \n\n4) No-one in the north noticed Littlefinger's huge army was marching from the Vale to Winterfell? Doesn't Ramsay own the whole North?\n\n5) No-one noticed Littlefinger's huge army was literally over the hill from the massive battle? Do scouts not exist?\n\n6) Jon Snow standing in arrow fire with everyone around him getting hit while he is totally fine.\n\n7) Littlefinger's army arriving literally just in time to save everyone\n\n8) Ramsay had a clever plan, outsmarted Jon, Jon just foolishly ran at him with no plan whatsoever, then magically wins because of deus ex machina. Very un-Game of thrones\n\n9) In Winterfell, Ramsay picks up a bow and arrow and fires it at Wun wun despite all of jon's men surrounding him. No-one noticed? The camera was focused on something else so I guess not.\n\n10) Ramsay shoots an arrow at Wun wun, who is already dead, rather than Jon Snow who is standing right next to him.\n\n11) Ramsay firing off little snide comments when he's captured and had his face beaten to a pulp like some comic book villain\n\n12) Sansa wasn't at the battle when Ramsay said he hadn't fed the dogs for seven days.\n\n13) Why didn't Sansa tell anyone she was getting Littlefinger's army?\n\n14) Where did everyone think Sansa was going when she went to meet up with Littlefinger's army?\n\nThere's some things of the top of my head. There's definitely more. There were just so many scenes where if I'd saw them years ago in some other show I would think \"Man, game of thrones would have done that so much better\". It just feels so sloppily written now.
1) Who says they didn't notice? They seem completely unsurprised to see her, I would say they *did* know that she entered the city. They're not wrong that there are dragons under the pyramids, they never said those were the only dragons. \n\n2) In the books they do a better job of explaining that the Dragon and the Dragon-rider share a telepathic link. I think they allude to this in the show quite well, Dany has routinely been able to coordinate with Drogon once he accepted her at the end of Season 5. Also, it's heavily implied that Tyrion and Dany discussed their strategies and planned out the encounter with the masters, why do you think they were winging it?\n\n3) The *easy* cue would be to charge once you see me riding Drogon out over the ships. Flying out to the Khalasar and explaining that to Dario is simple.\n\n4) The Reeds control the territory south of Winterfell, in the books they were excellent at taking out stragglers and messengers, it make sense that they covered the advance of the Knights of the Vale. Also, the show has demonstrated that you can take down communication networks quite effectively just by shooting the ravens as they leave a castle. They would only need to do this for Moat Callin, which likely had no ravens anyway since the Greyjoy occupation. \n\n6) Jon wasn't the *only* one who was fine. Most people on both sides made it through the arrows. I agree that you never really think Jon is in danger of getting shot by an arrow, but plot armor is plot armor, it's not a plot hole or a writing flaw. \n\n7) The look on his and Sansa's face says that they coordinated it that way. They needed to draw out all of Ramsay's forces before the cavalry charge would make sense. I think it's likely that next episode we'll find out that Sansa and Littlefinger had been in communication and had planned to use Jon's forces as bait so the Knights of the Vale could clean up.\n\n8) Jon didn't win, Sansa did. Ramsay outplayed Jon, Sansa outplayed Ramsay. That *is* very Game of Thrones. \n\n9) They were engaged in taking out the other Bolton soldiers. The timing is perhaps convinent that Ramsay kills Wun Wun just as Jon's archers finish mopping up the Bolton forces, but that's what we see in the background and it made for both good pacing and a satisfying showdown. Sometimes good writing is more about setting up good scenes then about calculating realistic timetables for the mop-up portion of a castle invasion - and even so, they did show them being occupied until that moment. \n\n10) Ramsay believes he can still take out Jon in 1v1 combat, thereby securing his legacy, if he kills Jon he knows he'll be shot and killed with hope of escape. Killing Wun Wun not only adds \"Giantslayer\" to his list of accomplishments, but it potentially goads Jon into making bad decisions, something he proved he could do earlier that battle. \n\n11) I agree that \"they're loyal beasts\" etc seemed a little absurd, but I fault the delivery more than the writing there. I *like* the idea of Ramsay being delusional to the end, but while I liked most of his acting choices throughout the show, I thought that line should have been delivered with a bit of fear and uncertainty, not raw confidence. \n\n12) He said that in the pre-battle meeting where they discussed terms. In either case though, there's clearly a bit of time that has gone by where Jon and Sansa conversed. Having a scene where Jon debriefs everything we saw on screen with Sansa - *that* would be bad writing. They did a good enough job of showing time has passed, and Sansa asking where Ramsay was showed that she *must* have talked to Jon, so knowing what Jon knows is easily assumed. \n\n13) While annoying for those of us that wanted the best possible outcome, this shows that Sansa has learned quite a bit about \"playing the game\" and made a tough but correct call. She knew that Jon would fall into one of Ramsay's traps. Had he had the Knights of the Vale, he would have squandered them and they would have been entrapped like the rest of his army. Instead, she coordinated with Littlefinger to hold them in reserve, not giving them up to Jon's poor leadership, and waiting until the Bolton forces were engaged with the encirclement before releasing them to wreck havoc. It was a shrewed play, and imo the correct one. She sacrificed hundreds, probably thousands of wilding lives to win the North - something the Northern houses will begrudgingly (and in some cases openly) respect.\n\n14) What makes you think that she met up with Littlefinger's army? The clear assumption is that they communicated by raven. 
> It just feels so sloppily written now.\n\nAside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed, I feel like it's not \"sloppily written\" and we're just acclimated to the writing in general. Not everything has to be a surprise. It's not like the writers kept The Vale army secret in any way. I have a suspicion we'll find out what the true cost of calling in The Vale was next week. Probably Sansa marrying Littlefinger\n\nI'm not disagreeing with some of your points, but most are glib. Some points are articulated well, but they still have a negative tone to them that this episode does not deserve.
Totally agree. I was completely shocked when I saw all of the comments declaring this 'one of the best moments of TV' anyone had ever witnessed. The narrative in this show has become, somehow, both totally predictable yet also nonsensical. GRRM is such a fantastic writer, yet this season it has become painfully clear that without his material to work from GoT is a shadow of its former self.  I think once the excitement of a high-production value episode with a big battle wears off and fans have some time to reflect, we'll see people start to change their opinions. It's really sad because if you watch seasons 2-4 it reminds you how incredible the writing was, the show was filled with so many tense, high-stakes moments. 
Dany flew in at night, totally plausible she wasnt seen
Thank you, perfect summary of all the things that annoyed me about this episode. Came onto reddit expecting dissatisfaction and instead everyone is rating it as their favorite. Feels like I watched a different episode. 
I had all these problems and more. Unfortunately, this kind of stuff ruins these shows for me, and has almost ruined GoT for me as a whole.\n\nIt's a shame. They have amazing actors, sets, costumes, CG...everything really.\n\nIt's quite simply the writing. They've lost their way.
> Ramsay had a clever plan, outsmarted Jon, Jon just foolishly ran at him with no plan whatsoever, then magically wins because of deus ex machina. Very un-Game of thrones\n\nThis. GoT was all about the being good, does not mean you win, juts because you are good. You need to be clever as well. I think it is consequence of show writers having no GRRM books to work with anymore, so they just fall back to traditional TV cliche tropes, which they are used to write. \n
ya man its almost like this fantasy show with magic and zombies isn't realistic enough 
You are trying really hard to dislike this episode and i feel like you are the type of person that can never be pleased. 
You must be fun at parties. 
Rickon running a straight line to be a perfect target, Sansa not telling Jon she can get the army from the Aerie and that they should wait for them, Jon's massive plot armor protecting him from arrows or a trampling death or swordsmen on horses and not even have a minor injury.\n\nIt was a good episode but not really top ten for me since there was no tension.  We didn't really have an attachment to Rickon, even if Jon died he'd probably just get brought back.  Who didn't expect the Aerie's army to show up?\n\nThe one thing out of the ordinary I thought they were heading for was Davos killing the Red Witch and taking away a shot of Jon being revived.\n\nIt was just not great writing during this episode for anyone that pays attention.  Hardhome and many other episodes were far more impactful and amazing to me personally.
So Rickon *should* have run Serpentine, but he's just a little kid and was scared. I don't fault him for his Prometheus run.\n\nI'm actually back to being alright with Sansa not telling Jon. She knew better than \"we\" did that Jon would fuck up and get emotional, so using him and his men as bait to lure out the Bolton forces for the Knights of the Vale was the superior strategic move, even if a lot of wildings had to die for it. I do not think Jon could have been trusted with that information, as much as I wanted him to be just as good at thinking as he is at fighting. \n\nPlenty of people didn't die from the arrows, I think they did a good job of showing that they were random. *Despite* obvious plot armor, I legitimately felt scared and worried for him when he was getting trampled, there was tension for me there. \n\nI agree that we don't care about Rickon, but I was legitimately worried about Tormond, very worried about Davos, and rightfully worried about Wun Wun. \n\nI agree that the Knights of the Vale was a deus ex machina, but I was ok with it. It's not like the show routinely has the good guys win because of a surprise at the end, and it happening this time just makes me more skeptical that it'll happen next time. \n\nI still think I liked Hardhome better, but just because people are hung up on Ayra in Braavos doesn't mean the writing was bad this season. More straightforward, absolutely, but having Sansa join Littlefinger in playing Jon as well as Tyrion talking some sense into Dany were both examples of great writing. Not to mention the fantastic writing for all of Jaime's scenes in episode 8. 
I loved all of it 
So much of this episode was pointless. We establish that Jon is outnumbered, Sansa warns him that he's falling into Ramsey's trap, and Davos drops the little \"aye, but will his men fight for a man they don't respect?\"\n\nFrom an objective point, there's no way the good guys could have really won the battle, so after establishing all these little clues it would've been really nice if they're actually, you know, put to use. Despite \"don't do what he wants you to do,\" Jon basically began the battle in a suicidal charge that should've 100% led to his death (I don't mind the plot armor but it was a bit much), thus establishing that he didn't learn a single thing from Sansa's little conversation. Consequently, Ramsey's plan works flawlessly. We kept getting shots of Ramsey being a cheeky cunt hoping, \"hey maybe Davos is right, what if something happens that causes the Karstarks or Umbers to concede?\" After seeing Ramsey's complete negligence for his own men's lives, I think we could've had a change of heart which could've drastically changed the battle. Whatever happened to The North Remembers? But nope, Davos's comments were completely ignored too. \n\nI don't really care about the little things e.g. Rickon should've zig zagged, Wun Wun needed a weapon, or shit like that. The trampling shot was fantastically well done, Wun Wun's solo siege was great, Tormund's lil stabby bitey move was fucking awesome. But overall, they set up all these little clues about this battle being nearly unwinnable and made it seem like Jon might actually do something smart about it, but nope, he didn't learn a thing and essentially lost the battle for his men until surprise cavalry, the Knights of the fucking Machina roll in.
The Sansa conversation was for us to understand her motivation for keeping the Knights of the Vale form Jon. She knew enough that Jon would get played by Ramsay and that conversation is her last test of Jon. She ultimately decides that he'd squander the Knights, and so she makes the call to use Jon as bait to lure out the Boltons so her Knights of the Vale could win the battle. \n
I thought some of the dialogue towards the beginning of the episode was awkward and didn't work well
Is that a nardwuar reference? Doot doot!
I really thought he was going to be flayed, but the death needed to be something in front of Jon to toy with him and I'm going to assume that removing a person's skin takes time. 
I thought when he threw the wolf head down it would be rickon's hand, or something icky.
i also like the short clip, where after Rickon death Ramsay order his archers to shoot, and more arrow hitting his dead corpse. 
Jon lost thousands of men.  That isn't a consequence?  Do you really think Jon won't be emotionally disturbed?  Jon has blamed himself for much less in the past, Jon will be wrought with guilt and likely learn from what happened during the battle.
Wun Wun died.
Wun Wun died afterwards in Winterfell. And still a small price to pay considering the Starks had been Cannae'd by the Boltons.  
It doesn't strike me based on what I saw that anyone would talk to her or anyone else for that matter about that.
Exactly!
The happy beagle was predictable and cliche, there was no twist.
What is wrong with a cool cavalry charge? Sure it's a little deus ex machina but an acceptable one since it was heavily hinted it was going to happen...
Have you considered though that things become predictable because what makes for \"good\" television is predictable?\n\nI honestly thought Ramsey was going to win, try to burn Jon alive because he's Ramsey, and Jon was gonna be like \"sup yall, I'm a Targaryen, GLHF.\"
Well, yeah that would've been an amazing twist actually. I definitely wouldn't have expected something like that to happen... That leads nicely to my point though - unexpected stuff is awesome!\n\nAt least that's my opinion, I love massive twists that, as a viewer, I'm not able to predict. Even if they are horrific I'm still pleased because I'm not left stroking my ego whilst thinking to myself \"yes, I could've come up with that\". \n\nIt works both ways though, sometimes unexpected events come up and we think \"that's stupid, it didn't make sense\". And inversely, as you said, predictable things can, at times, be executed incredibly well - see this episode. \n\n
Because Game of Thrones is known for battles going well? Come off it
Too bad any comments on who weak the story was in both this episode or season 6 gets downvoted into the abyss. 
>bookworm trash hipster nerd with no lyfe that hates fun\n\nYou said it, not us
what i actually meant is that anyone who liked this episode is a disgusting normie who could be entertained by a red laserpoint.\n\n
You get downvoted by the same people that agreed with you after e08.
This has happened quite a bit in the history books as well. 
> Jon being magically missed by the arrows was a bit annoying but he others make sense.\n\nIt's not that absurd. Most of the arrows were shot into the entire army, and since Ramsay's was bigger he was actually shooting more of his own men than Jon's. Medieval archery squads weren't used to pick off individual warriors, they rained arrows above and hoped for the best. Plenty of people lived through it.
Yeah but there was a point where arrows rained down directly on his position, and they all landed like 6in-1ft away from him.
Haters gonna hate.
Preview gave away Davos near the pyre, but they didn't give away hunting game with Rickon, Ramsay's grinning when dying, Wun Wun dying, etc. You can argue that some of that was predictable, but still.
I believe he knew she was dead the moment he saw Melisandre solemnly enter Caste Black. He asked, and she sort of gave a sad/I failed kind of look. I don't believe he knew that Shireen, however, was burned alive until now.
Yes, however I don't think they dig that deep when writing their short descriptions. They probably meant Shireen, although he obviously knew about or at least guessed her fate.
No, he already knew she was dead, he just didn't know how she died.  Now he does.
well.. to be fair I don't think anything will top the storytelling on that episode. lol
I think story>effects so ozymandias is a masterpiece in every way. But this episode was the best thing GoT had produced in 3 seasons. 
That's how I feel. The action was fucking visceral, and I'm glad they made the battle completely horrifying and never hinted at anything heroic and glorious. (Except Wun Wun but that's okay because Wun Wun *is* a fucking hero.)\n\nHowever, I personally prefer episodes that are heavier on intrigue, plotting and politics. The battle was great but for me the payoff will be when we see how much power Sansa can actually retain and how much goes straight to Littlefinger.
I was glad that we got some politics and intrigue in Mereen, finally. This was the best Tyrion/Daenerys plotting interaction we have seen and it played out very nicely. It wasn't as deep as other stuff, but it was fruit we have been waiting to see for a long time.
I think GoT is past its prime storytelling wise so I was actually happy to be swept away in the action. 
I really think it doesn't make sense to compare them.  This was, hands-down, the best action I've ever seen in an episode of TV.  Ozymandias was some of the best storytelling.  They each did different things, and they did it very well.
\"You're the smartest man I ever met. And you're too stupid to see... He made up his mind 10 minutes ago.\"
I think he's saying that even people with double digits IQ are all Einsteins compared to the IMDB message boards, who are presumably so thick they're in single digits. 
With the arrows I'm referring to when Jon was charging alone and his horse was hit. It's absolutely absurd that he was left unscathed after that. \nAnd that was not like a clever pincer movement, they literally just turned their sides to the Starks and marched around them in a U shape. I mean unless the show is trying to make a statement at how inept Jon is as a commander and his army is as fighters it's ridiculous. They just stood there watching it happen.\n\nAnd I understand why they didn't include Ghost, but I wish they would have at least given it a line or something. \"Sansa Ghost needs to stay with you, I won't let you die,\" or something like that. 
True true. The explanation I've found for Jons luck is that Shireen was sacrificed for the victory of the Azor Ahai over the Boltons, thinking Stannis was the Azor Ahai, but instead it was for Jon. Which isn't quite how I'd like it to be but it seems plausible
I've got a better idea. How about you not extend you own enjoyment of the show to everyone else involved. If people didn't enjoy it as much as you did, you're just going to have to learn how to deal with that. The show's lost it's magic because the wizard who cultivates all the sharp dialogue and clever twists and turns is not really a factor any more. The show runners are struggling to fill in the gaps. And it's not new. I'd say 65-70% of the material over the past two seasons has really become predictable and/or sloppy. The writing is the worst culprit. This episode was well-directed, but he can only do so much with what's on the table with the script. \n\nIt's like listening to someone who isn't funny tell a joke you know is really funny, but because of the delivery, the joke doesn't work. 
I'm not a mindless follower, that's for damned sure.
Oh, good one. Abstract comments like this really show why you must be such a big fan of the show now. Lack of insight.
In what universe was that an abstraction, lmfao? Do you even know what the word abstract means?
Holy shit. Great catch! haha
I didn't catch, someone else did and I can't remember their username, they posted a gif of it.
Everyone has been praising he fight cinematography but I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time. In terms of story is was so fucking predictable and the writing was lazy. I almost turned it off at that scene were Sansa keeps yelling at Jon \"YOU DONT KNOW RAMSEY LIKE I KNOW HIM\" over and over and over. Dany surprises everyone with her dragons again. Jon magically escapes death multiple times. Nothing interesting happened this episode. Everything we thought would happen, happened. Which is fine, that doesn't make it a bad episode, but people are calling this the best episode of the season and even series. I'd give it a C-
I respect your opinion but with attitude like this, I cannot imagine you really enjoy watching Game of Thrones. 
> I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time\n\nintended, to represent the pure chaos of battle to the audience.\n\n> story is was so fucking predictable\n\nirrelevant. watch battle from Jon's pov. there's nothing predictable about it then. stop being an audience member and become part of the battle.\n\n> writing was lazy\n\nvague and easy criticism without supporting statements.\n\n> I almost turned it off at that scene\n\nsounds like you should find a hobby you prefer more?\n\n> Dany surprises everyone with her dragons again\n\nit wasn't a surprise, she arrived last ep with the dragon. was pretty clear.\n\n> Jon magically escapes death multiple times.\n\nthis is fine. first, he's a naturally talented fighter with years of experience in training and fighting for his life. second, he's being watched by the Lord of Light. that's gotta come in handy during a battle...\n\n> Nothing interesting happened this episode. \n\ni guess you're just trolling? pretty ridiculous statement to make. Dany saves her city, gets a fleet, makes new allies, forgives/forges stronger friendship/respect with Tyrion. The Starks retake Winterfell and by extension, the entire North (a Kingdom). ok, not interesting?\n\n> Everything we thought would happen, happened.\n\nno, just a small number of specific things that seem bigger deals than they are. the repercussions will play out in unexpected ways, i'm sure.\n\n> but people are calling this the best episode of the season and even series.\n\npeople are calling it (one of) the best episodes of television ever. you're on the wrong side of history, champ.
Fair enough! It's too bad that it wasn't your cup of tea.
Story-wise, this whole episode is a big redemption after all the butthurt we experienced from Ramsay.\nYou might as well comment to the part when Theon got turned into Reek \"Wow another gore for shock value\" or another piss on another episode like when the wildlings attacked the wall. Quite pointless.\n\nThe point is that's how the story goes, Jon Snow's freefolk army gets surrounded and the armies of Vale rides to save them. As well as in Danaerys' storyline, he uses the dragons and her new khalasar to take Meereen. Flying fire-spewing beasts against a wooden fleet, and a horde of mongols against the master's soldiers, that's already a definite win, considering that dragons are very agile and can survive a number of arrow shots.\n\nThe whole criteria on the film should be on how well they portrayed the scenes, and they're not lacking. Also this, \"I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time\", we had a very different experience on this episode, because I'm pretty sure I followed around 90% if not more of the scenes. I believe it shows your level of comprehension. Not only that, they portrayed Jon Snow perfectly with real suspense and other elements to viewers.\n\nAnyway, the story is good as long as it's interesting and consistent (unlike Arya's belly), and so far the story keeps up to viewer's interest and the episode lived up to the hype.
Have you ever been to Reddit before? The downvote button is an \"I don't agree with your opinion\" button in most subs, even when expressly labeled otherwise. Can't be a hive-mind with dissenting opinions.
Ok I guess the characters are just stupid then.... It seems to be in Stark blood - Jon not telling people from the NW about Whitewalkers resulting in him getting killed. Arya going sightseeing in bravoos when there are assasins going after her. Sansa not telling important information to the commander. Jon not following his own plans and getting baited.\n\nWell the thing is though if all the characters act stupid then how the hell am I supposed to root for them and feel for them ?\n\nIs trusting Petyr Baelish smart thing to do ? Nope, not really. But its not like you have a choice. And its not like they plan had to rely on Petyr 100% like Neds did.\n
They're not stupid, they're complex. They make mistakes. People complain about being predictable and plot armor but then they want flawless characters out of no where? 
My problem isnt that *there has* to be a twist, my problem is that if there is going to be a twist at least make it a GOOD one, not some expected shit like another \"Ride of Rohirrim\", if they wanted all along for LF to come help, why not from the beggining? Why not make Sansa's character a bit more wise and accept LF's help from the beggining? My problem is that they tried to make an unexpected twist, and instead made an obvious one.
It wasn't meant to be a twist. They showed Sansa writing Littlefinger for help last episode. Sansa didn't want to accept Littlefinger's help because she knows the man, he didn't do that just because he's a good guy, eventually he will have his rewards. Littlefinger is not the kind of man that helps another without expecting something in return. She asked him for help when she realized they were going to lose because they didn't have the men. She didn't admit it to Jon because she's ashamed to ask Littlefinger for help after what he did to her. Even Brianne asked Sansa why she didn't tell Jon that she met Littlefinger in Mole Town and that he gave her the information about the Blackfish: the show is \"aware\" that Sansa is acting this way with Littlefinger. After she wrote him, he didn't reply, she didn't know when Littlefinger was coming, it could be that day, next week, or next month, and Jon wasn't going to wait that time.
My problem isnt that it *needs* a twist, my problem is that if they are going to make a twist, at least make it a good one. It would be fine for me if there was no twist at all and they made Sansa's character a bit more wise and have her accept LF's help from the begging, that would be better. But this? Another motherfuckin \"Ride of Rohirrim\"?! This was so painfully obvious it really got to me. Poor producing.
Ramsay also had archers separating Jon from his army. Lets not kid ourselves, that archers isn't why Jon charged forward.  It was a prime example of characters doing stupid things to create a dramatic moment. 
i maybe worded wrong, but that's literally what i meant, ramsey is seperating JON from JON's army...
Don't indulge them. Anyone who uses that many exclamation points can't be trusted.
[deleted]
I don't think the circle was lame, it's pretty representative of medieval tactics - if you can cut off all escape routes and press into your enemy, that's the ideal offensive attack. And ngl, \"squintier eyes for more seriousness\" come off it, if you're looking into the distance/keeping rain out of your eyes/really pissed off at someone then you squint, do you just have a really unexpressive face? 
Using old Roman battle tactics is lame?
This was an actual tactic Hannibal used, lol.\n\nBUT TOTALLY HOLLYWOOD.
Not being corny and too over the top
Supremely insightful, you are.
I have learned all now.
you blind, sheeply fucks...
Digging yourself a hole there, mate
You do realize there's an EDIT button, don't you? Or are you actually just used to talking to yourself?
Do downvotes actually make you *that* angry?
Rough day?
We didn't have GoT for 7 days. We were starving. We are the hounds that ended Ramsay. 
Your username is perfect haha
Upvoted solely for your username :D 
I like how we licked him
Anyone else notice that Sansa rode off before Ramsay said that? Wonder how she knew. \n\n\"So what we're gonna need to do is hold our position and wait for them to attack us. They have greater numbers than us. Ramsay's dogs haven't eaten for 7 days. If we can get his army to charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"Wait was that bit you said in there?\"\n\n\"If they charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"No, the bit about his dogs\"\n\n\"They haven't eaten in 7 days\"\n\n\"...and?\"\n\n\"I dunno. Thought it was interesting\"
[deleted]
I noticed this when I re-watched it. I don't think many people would have caught it the first time around.
There's a gap in time, from when Jon is beating on Ramsay, to when Ramsay is tied-up in his own kennels.  Sansa asks Jon: \"Where is he?\".  From that cut, we can just assume that he told her about Ramsay's 7 days threat, and that's why he had him secured in the kennels.
They're loyal beasts
Most of the fans hadn't had a *real* episode in 14 days. 
And I can't imagine the fierceness of the hounds that are the pure book readers. Those are the dire-fans. Sad part is, they might end up never fed again, in the worst case scenario. (Welp, hopefully not.)
Cop: How did this man die?!\n\nYou: He was poisoned by his enemies. 
\"But it looks like he's been stabbed in the gut repeatedly.....why wouldn't you just put him to bed for the night and place some loose bandages on the wound? Maybe some soup? He should have been fine by morning...\"
Did that stab wound happen before or after the poison?
This never fails to make me laugh lol
His dogs were hungry\n
He was coont and that's why you killed him.
Acute steel poisoning. Very tragic.
Valar morghulis 
If I was in the jury, I wouldnt convict him
Just let him have trial by combat.
Let's invite the guy to a wedding, as an *honorable* guest
\"I claim the Game of Thrones defense!\"
then plenty of people don't know what good cinematography looks like. 
It is, after all, what Oberyn would've wanted. You know, after they murdered his family.
They loved Oberyn so much, they decided to kill as many of his living relatives they could find. 
Fucking hackers. Report them to a mod
Laughed out loud at teleporting bit
Or better yet, Ned gets to the top of the tower only to be stabbed through the back of his head with a spear by a sandsnake. And then they make some cringy little quip like \"you are such a dirty bitch!\" Before giggling and walking away. Credits roll, and that's the last we see in season 6.
da bad pussi
Dang time traveling Sand Snakes, always ruining the timeline.\n\n
A bit off topic here. I've never actually seen Saving Private Ryan but I freakin' loved this episode. Should I watch it?
Definitely yes. The opening scene of Saving Private Ryan is very similar in feeling to the battle from last night's episode and you'd probably really enjoy it. 
Yes
Fuck yes, it's an \"old\" movie with some of the best cinematography and effects i've ever seen, when I say old I mean it lives up to todays standards even though it's 18 years old.
It is awe-fucking-some. Watch it!\n\nAlso I suggest Braveheart! You'd love it. 
There's much to the show beyond battle scenes, though.
But people do dumb things even in the most dire situations in real life. 
Agreed, I thought it was very real. Many of his like to think we'd be rational, level-headed, and accept the fact our little brother was about to die. In real life, I think most of us would do what Jon did and try and save our family, even if it is guaranteed to be a failure. Especially when taking into account Jon thinks that Rickon and Sansa are the only two family members he has left alive. \n\nDumb move? Definitely. But a move I think most would make.
That was beyond dumb. He's going to leave his entire army behind and hack through thousands of men by himself so he can get to Ramsey and avenge his brother? He might as well just run off a cliff. 
That was why Jon needed Sam to stop him leaving the Wall after Robb's death.
He wasn't trying to 1v1 the entire army. He rode out at full speed to try and save his brother. Archers killed his horse and Jon fell. You don't run away from a calvary charge, the best Jon could do with the situation he put himself in was fight til he died. 
> Archers killed his horse and Jon fell.\n\nYeah, after he charged them 1v1...\n\nI'm not talking about when he rode out to his brother, I'm talking about after that. \n\n>You don't run away from a calvary charge\n\nYou can when you have a horse and a 200 yard head start. Jon was the first one to charge anyways. 
I thought it was poorly written. Yes effects and cinematography was amazing (not as good as the battle for the wall I'm but brilliant). The writing left alot to be desired. Jon is smarter than that. He came off as totally hotheaded. And impulsive.  Which he isn't. He let the wildlings through the wall against everyones opinion he could see the bigger picture for example. Sansa warned him about the tricks and that's clearly what letting rickon run was. A trick. I can't imagine GRRM would've written the battle that way. I fear that the writing is going to suffer now that it's diverged from the books and they don't have a general plot line to follow. I hope I'm wrong. \n\nThe ending was good though with Sansa getting her revenge and Dany and Tyrions part was awesome too. She rocks. 
Agreed, some of the best direction and cinematography ever, but everything else was business as usual.
Right. This episode was like the pinnacle of the medieval battle type action sequence. Better than anything similar I've seen in that format. Compare it to Hardhome, which was just like - WTF, I don't even know what's going to happen next. Everything we saw in Battle of the Bastards was a mix of some battle scene we've seen before albeit done with perfect execution. 
I for one, am not a fan of shaky camera action scenes. Can't tell what the hell is going on. Sure it's a metaphor for the battle, where no one can tell what going on. I'd much rather have a battle like \"The watchers on the wall\" s04e06 the battle at castle black. Where you have nice long steady cam shots. Where good and bad are blurred. Where you don't have the bad guy, in this case Ramsey, sitting at the edge twirling his mustache. No one is coming to help, so you use every resource you have. You fight logically and tactically, because god in the machine does not exist.
Exept for the Giant..
We ain't seen a cavalry charge like that. Ever. It looked something out of Return of the King.
[deleted]
I think because in each of the episodes you mention, the events were surprises (obviously if you haven't read the books) \n\nWe knew this battle was coming for like 8+ episodes now. 
I don't read the sub regularly, so please forgive me if there's a clear consensus. But are e5-7 generally considered extremely strong? I thought 6 and 7 bordered on boring. Overall the season has felt rather weak. A whole lot of treading water, it's felt like (the list of developments and events may be very long, but it doesn't *feel* it). What's the general opinion?
I might have to read some of his other reviews then. Here it feels like he's nitpicking at seemingly unimportant details though. To me the whole \"war is all but glorious\" theme rises miles high above it all. Some writing might have been off, but this is the first time a tv show actually left me a bit overwhelmed.
Yeah, like I said, I was surprised to his review as the sole negative one on the RT page.  I don't know when he became \"famous\" as a critic but I remember my first time reading his stuff was during Breaking Bad and that show thrived on its attention to detail so I can understand why some of the smaller details might irk him. 
Or perhaps you are incapable of understanding rhetoric
this is not an answer.\nthis is just some vague bullshit.\nplease tell me about the very complicated \"rhetoric\" I didn't understand
What the fuck is your problem troll?
I don't know if it was how they shot it or if it was because Littlefinger and the cavalry arriving was just TOO predictable (it happened with the Dothraki earlier in the episode, with Stannis north of the wall, and with Tywin and the Tyrells at KL) and overdone at this point.  I wanted to see Wun wun smashing a tree into the Bolton army, I didn't want Jon to play right into what Ramsay wanted, the ending was great with Jon Tormund, and Wun wun charging winterfell, but the battle itself just didn't do it for me.  The action was cool but it seemed very....lost almost.  Maybe that's what they were going for with Jon really not knowing what was going on but it seemed sort of just like a cool action scene compilation rather than a well written story this episode. Which was good don't get me wrong but I don't think it would be in my top 5 episodes. 
> The action was cool but it seemed very....lost almost.  Maybe that's what they were going for with Jon really not knowing what was going on but it seemed sort of just like a cool action scene compilation rather than a well written story this episode. \n\nYES! My reaction exactly. That's what I felt was off, I think. 
I'm not defending the way they set it up, but Littlefinger arriving may have been predictable because you literally watch Sansa request his help a few episodes before. We knew he was coming because... we were told he was coming.
If you watch the actual battle itself, you realize that most of it consisted of a couple minutes of really zoomed in intense fighting scenes where you can't really tell what is happening in the larger scheme of the battle. Then, there is the shield wall scene followed by the stampede. That was pretty much it. There really wasn't that much of a battle. It felt like they zoomed in too much and everyone died too quickly.
Yeah, they were doing a Jon POV I think. It was different from, say, Watchers on the Wall episode.
fair doos! for me it was just too intentionally-negative - seemed like he disliked it on purpose and refused to enjoy many of the great moments of the episode. you're right tho, the show's original strength was never its large-scale battle scenes. That said, as we approach the end of the story, i'm sure we'll see a couple more - it's just an inherent part of the crescendo of an epic tale.
I'm sorry you had to suffer through this whole episode. You must have been miserable through all that action. \n\n\nLike, we rarely get episodes like this. You'd think people could just sit back and enjoy something like that. Sorry there weren't a ton of unexpected twists. Sometimes things just need to play out and are just straightforward and full of action. And it was done extremely well here.
>I'm sorry you had to suffer through this whole episode. You must have been miserable through all that action. \n\nWhy are you so salty? People can criticize the show once in a while dammit 
The critics are being overwhelmed by a glut of writers who need something to write about, and so they take up contrarian positions to attract attention and controversy. No one wants to read 600 words of gushing praise anymore, but they'll at least click in to leave an angry comment if you nitpick. \nNot that the episode was perfect, but some of the complaints are just silly. The Sansa hate in particular is gratingly dumb in the larger scheme of things.
I'll let you know as soon as I find a reason to give a shit about Rickon, given how much of a nonentity he's been...
Sure we've barely seen him, but he's still a Stark and (at least supposed to be) a little kid. Does not showing up on the show disqualify him from our sympathy as he's literally running from arrows being shot at him from behind?
Or Wun Wun?
I would argue that we've had several seasons of buildup, ever since Ramsay took Winterfell.
> I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nThat's fair. When I feel like that, though, I step back and remember\n\n>GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years\n\nand it usually feels forgivable.\n\nNow, The Walking Dead (show) = another story.
yeah more like short-sighted
It's causing as much casualities as possible on the enemy side, but the immoral part is that it also causes as much casualties as possible on the same side.
Most causalties as possible on enemy side is letting them charge into your heavy infantry then using your cavalry on the flanks or rear as the heavy infantry holds them in place. Ramsay charged because he was trying to catch Jon before his troops could get to him. 
Because the shield circle was the last of his non-reserve forces (castle defenders). The calvary reinforcements destroyed them in seconds because they had no room to regroup
Shamefur dispray! 
Cravens! Your warriors flee!
Wun Wun's battle tactics annoyed me so much, but what pissed me off more was the wildlings standing around with their thumbs up their asses watching Wun Wun fail to breach the phalanx. If they attacked the point of the phalanx that was occupied by fighting a fucking giant, they could've collapsed one side and flanked the rest. Not that they had the manpower to win at that point, but still.
What I found more annoying that he didn't bring a log :(
Pretty sure there were double or triple lines of spears for instances just like that.
Why didn't he grab one pike and swing it down the line? 
They could have used the swords to cut the spears in half
Because spears and shields?
He was able to scoop guys up at will.He even could have used that guy he broke in half as a club. Further, why didn't he bring a huge club??
THANK YOU. Wun Wun coulda ran through the wall and fucked them up, exposing their backs, but instead he swatted at spears and got stabbed until Little Finger shows up and he decides to grab a shield and fuck people up. I was also so surprised how much Wun Wun focused on one person in battle at-a-time when he could easily sweep several people with ease. Felt so wasteful.
To a degree. You can't micro manage each individual soldier (as far as I'm aware, I've not played any of the more recent ones) however what I used to do was split my army into different sections. Send one down the middle while the other two went down the left and right flanks, and when they were in position I'd split off a few more battalions from the two flanks and have them meet between the enemy army and attack from behind.\n\nConquered most of Europe as England using that strategy.
You're doing better than [valyrian steel](https://redd.it/4owv6r)
Yes, and then the Romans used his trick against him at Zama.
Surrounding your enemy isn't a tactic that Hannibal invented, and the way he completed his envelopment of the Romans shared no similarity to the way Ramsay did. I'm trying to understand what you people are talking about.
Sort of. At Cannae the Carthiginians allowed the center to be pushed back in order to draw the existing lines around the aggressive Romans who would sense weakness and overpursue the center. It was Jon's original plan he talked about with Davos, not Ramsay's. 
I think so yes
For me BotB takes the cake, but WotW is a *very* close second. I loved Hardhome, but I prefer man-on-man ( \u0361\u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u00b0)\n\nIt's a shame they didn't have such a huge budget for Blackwater. The battle was epic, but imagine if they had the budget of BotB for it.
It would've been amazing. Probably show tywins army arriving
Hardhome > Hardhorne > Hardholm\n\nAm I missing a meme or did we just misspell Hardhome differently three times in one thread?
The BotB was better than any battle scene in any movie/show ive ever seen
Hardhome had too much CGI, I didn't like the wights. BoTB was way better for me.
No red wedding? Blasphemy. 
Oh it's up there, don't get me wrong. It just doesn't make my top 3. Tell you what, friend: I'll extend my list to a top 5, just for you:\n\n1. Hardhome\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n3. The Watchers on the Wall\n4. The Rains of Castamere\n5. Blackwater
I agree 100%
[This shot](http://imgur.com/9wEaZAH) was definitely what stood out for me. Cinematography was literally breathtaking.
> Battle of the B's\n\nDid they fight with... BB guns?
BB8 vs (Jar Jar) Binks
Battle of the Battletoads.
Damn autobalance always ruining games right before the end. 
random wildling #15 almost had the payload at the ships 
Not even close. Nights King had over 20x + the manpower of what was left inside the fort. Most of the wildlings were escaping on ship and only the men of the NE and a few wildlings were there to hold the gate. Both sides here had massive casualties albeit Jon having more since he fell into Ramsey's trap and also had fewer men but they still fought an actual battle.
there will be enough dragons
As long as none of them turn into dragon-wights, sure.
It will be a long night indeed 
I was pointing this out to someone last night, predictability isn't necessarily a bad thing. My go-to example is Lord of the Rings, nobody goes into Return of the King thinking \"Oh shit I sure hope Sauron doesn't win!\" We all know the heroes are gonna beat him somehow, that doesn't make LotR any less amazing.
Not that I completely disagree with you but do we know that Frodo is going to fail to destroy the ring?  That it's only because of Gollum that Sauron is destroyed?  No, even though it was foreshadowed and set up thousands of pages before we're surprised by how things go down.  That's the extra level of writing that sets the great fiction apart.  Someone else mentioned the Red Wedding farther down that's another great example.  
In fact if you keep ignoring where the story is clearly supposed to go in favor of *surprise!* you end up with a really shitty story without consequences.  
This is exactly why I didn't like Lord of the Rings :/
TV just doesn't really impact me. These things have a very hard time drawing me in.\n\nThe scene with the horses running at Jon, I was feeling shit stir in my pants and the scene with him being trampled actually made me anxious.\n\nI've never had that happen.
\"surprise fetishism\" would turn me off as well.\n\n
Just look at Arya. The most unpredictable thing happened (based on /r/gameofthrones ) and everyone was pissed. \n\nYesterday was clearly one of the best, if not the best, episode of all the series.
> Plus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. \n\nWas anyone else surprised how Yara and Theon just teleported into Dany's court room without even a scene of them arriving in Mereen or being let in? It certainly caught me off guard, I was stunned for a good five seconds.
I was telling my friend, last night's episode was so good it actually made me mad at the amount of waste we have in the show with storylines not actually progressing.  Like what the hell were we doing with Yara and Theon the past season when they advanced it so nicely last night?
[deleted]
Again, surprising doesn't equal good.  Surprising would be Ramsay surrendering and swearing fealty to Jon and he accepts and it turns out Umber was controlling Ramsay the whole time with mind worms. \n\nSurprising... but also shit.\n\nThis episode was about the horror of war.  It worked because it wasn't trying to surprise us... it was trying to affect us emotionally thru inevitability.
For the record I didn't expect Wun Wun to last the first 5 minutes of the battle. If I was a Bolton soldier and I saw that on the enemy team I'd focus a hell of a lot of my attacks at the giant that could(and did) rip a man in half. So seeing him make it to the gates of Winterfell was pretty awesome. \n\nI also was not sure who was gonna win at first. The way Jon was like 'I've faced worse than Ramsay Bolton' made it seem like he was too cocky and it would be his(and his men's) downfall. Sure, I knew Rickon was gonna die but I had no idea how. Nor did I expect Davos to make it(after seeing the pyre). \n\nSo while it was predictable(if you were like me and spent the last 7 days on this subreddit) it was still my favorite episode of the show. The choreography and cinematography and score were perfect. If I had to have a 'Top 3' for this show it would definitely be 1)Battle of the Bastards 2)Hardhome 3)Battle for Castle Black 
The way it played out made a lot more sense, just because it would have been dramatic to see them betray the Boltons, doesn't mean it would have been better. 
agreed. 
Do you think it will play out much differently in the books, or will that be cliche too?
what the fuck are you talking about?\nwhy wouldn't it be cliche just because it's in the books?\nyou don't even make sense
What's wrong with using Cliches? \n\nCliches are not bad, when done right. I could watch the most cliche horror movie on the planet (some real teenagers in a cabin somewhere shit), done right it could be amazing. 
because this show usually has very interesting writing.\nif I want cliches, I watch CBS
[deleted]
[deleted]
> it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute\n\nMaybe because they practically told us that the Vale would turn up, on multiple occasions. \n\nYou're talking as if the Vale turning up was intended to be a surprise, when it clearly wasn't. We even see Sansa writing a letter, intended obviously for the Vale. 
So obvious. Not in any way exciting. And the fact that they kept Sansa's letter a secret purely as a device to try and make it exciting only exacerbated the cringe for me. Sansa and Jon are both idiots.
If the show foreshadows or hints at something then it's predictable and boring. If the show does not hint at something or foreshadow an event then everyone screams \"Deus ex machina!\" or \"Bad writing!\".
I think you need to look up the definition of ex machina, because Littlefinger showing up wasn't that at all. You may not have liked him and his army saving the day, but they were setup WAY earlier in the season on multiple occasions. Deus Ex Machina would be more like if the Dornish randomly showed up with an army and saved the day.
Why the hell did you get down voted? I brought it back up because it's pretty obvious this sub has no idea what deus ex machina means since I see it being thrown around all the time.\n\nLittle fingers army was previously set up to come with sansas letter earlier in the season, how is that deus ex machina? This sub gets intolerable at times when they just repeat like parrots
Anything over 7.8 is generally worth watching.
Most things rarely settle down nowadays. And I am not saying RT is better. RT is different tho, since it asks simply did you like it or not? And you have a critics vote and viewer vote. So 100% on RT just means everyone liked it.\n
The critic ratings on rotten tomatoes are usually awful.
Well, everybody's a critic.
They rate it good for being such a bad movie. 
At the end of the day, if it's an enjoyable movie it should get a rating or review that represent that, even if it's a stupid film.
I don't think neuroscience gives someone an expertise on media arts or statistics.
I agree. I mean, I could see him studying how much enjoyment people feel from the episodes, but quality..?
I'm not really explaining it well, and it was like 3 years ago.  I worked in a computational lab at the time, and I can confirm that he was very well versed in statistics.  Here's his blog: http://pensees.pascallisch.net/  \n\nHe also wrote a book called Matlab for Neuroscientists\n\nEDIT: here's the patent I think he was talking about https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2008073633
How was Quality measured, considering that's a highly subjective thing?
It was something he mentioned at lunch one day.  It wasn't my project so I didn't look that much into it.  There was a really clever statistical scheme behind it, but all I remember was that imdb was the best performing website under that scheme.
I'm not questioning you man, I'm just somewhat doubtful of what neuroscience can contribute to the field of how accurate are IMDB, RT, and MetaCritic.
I think that there was some psychology research involved, but I don't know where he published it.
I stand corrected. Sorry about that
This was probably the weakest moment of the show for me. They built up Arya beautifully in prior seasons but once she got to Braavos that was when the story slumped. It's like they knew what the journey would be like to get to \"badasshood\" then they got there and were like... \"Let's make her a blind beggar, that'll teach her how to get strong\" and I just saw her get shit on. I was expecting like a Batman Begins montage of her failing and succeeded, chronicling her growth.\n\nThat was the weakest part for me. It feels like Arya hasn't grown up.
Happy Cake-day, though.
This season is like the season that saves the show. Bear with me. \n\nThey're emptying the SS Unfinished Plotlines. All those subplots are getting tied up in a little bow. I wonder if Gendry shows up any time soon.\n\nThey're connecting the plotlines. Daeneris is making friends with people who never met her before. It's like two or three different shows are finally one show for the first time.\n\nAnd they're consolidating characters and plots. Jon Snow's battle to save the world is now Sansa's battle for Winterfell is now Davos' struggle to do what's right is now Petyr Baelish's battle for control is now Brienne's struggle to love Jamie Lannister.... Theon Greyjoy's struggle to be a man and have a family is now Daeneris's struggle to retake Westeros and the Iron Throne is now Tyrion's struggle to be reasonable in the middle of a psychotic war... and then there's all the crap going on in the Red Keep. Now the show is in five pieces (the Hound and Arya remaining) instead of twelve.\n\nFuck Dorne. 
tl;dr: fuck dorne\n
Some would say they were wild and free
Nonsense, they were a well-trained military force deeply versed in complex and choreographed warfare.
Honestly I think that those two episodes were also a bit better. Don't get me wrong, this was some of the best CGI and action I've ever seen in GoT or television and I enjoyed every single minute of it. Both battles were epic, the acting was good and it was all amazing done, but Hardhome and Rains of Castamere were more original, less predicable and had more intrigue. I expected something like Lord Manderly to show up or that Umbers turned against Ramsey when he was shooting at his own men, but nothing like that happened, it was a clich\u00e9 Gandalf with the Rohirrim twist. \n\nI would rate Rains of Castamere a 10/10, and this episode a 9,5/10. But it's still in my top 5 GoT episodes nevertheless.
Less predictable than Hardhome? Like you didn't know Jon, Wun Wun and a bunch of others would safely make it to the boats? Or, are you referring to not knowing the undead army would show up there? I don't think predictability plays that much of a role in grading those episodes. BotB wasn't really set up to be some sort of unpredictable spectacle. They gave hints as to what was going to happen (Sansa sending a letter to LF, her telling Jon that Rickon was basically a dead man walking, Mel's visions of her walking on the battlements of Winterfell with Bolton banners coming down). The way it was done was amazing and satisfying, and we're left to wonder what happens in the aftermath. You don't need some sort of wild plot twist to make a great story.
As much as the Umbers disliked Ramsey, when did they have an opportunity to actually turn against him? \n\nI think they tried to play it like the Lannister's did back in the day. Wait it out, see a victor emerging, and side with them in order to secure \"safety\". \n\nUnfortunately for the Umbers, it really looked like the Bolton's would win the battle of the bastards, so the Umbers did not betray Ramsey. Queue the arrival of the Knights of the Vale, and suddenly the Umbers are *seriously* regretting their decision. 
I agree with this. I expect this episode to end up around 9.9 or 9.8 when it gets closer to 50,000 votes. It's brilliantly directed, wonderfully made, but Hardhome and The Rains of Castamere hit harder in a way.
I agree, while Battle of the Bastards was fucking awesome, I think Rains of Castamere is one of the greatest episodes of television ever produced.
This has got to be the dumbest Game of Thrones argument I've ever heard\n\n\"I feel Hardome is a 9.9 and BotB is. 10.0\"\n\n\"You sir are are fucking idiot, clearly it's the other way around\"
Much better, not just a bit
Why does everyone think they know better? It isn't your story or your world, you don't know what the plot is or what the narrative goals are. Not everything needs Shakespearean intrigue to be \"good\". Intrigue for the sake of intrigue leads to bad and tired television.
The thing is that it doesn't matter what we think. Obviously a rational person doesn't rate things like IMDb and IGN do. IMDb users rate an episode 10 of its great and 9 if it's okay, and they rate it 1 if it's anything below that. Since BotB was so hyped and since it was pretty great, I'm sure it'll get 9.9/10
9.5? Get the fuck out of here
I like fans like you, not blinded by bias and hype.\n\nIt's so difficult to have conversations with people about this show anymore, because no one wants to look at the negative aspects at all, fantastic episode but not a 10/10.
THANK YOU! Someone here agrees that this Ride of Rohirrim was expected and they failed at making an interesting twist like the ones you mention, it sickens me people were surprised because that tells me they havent been paying atention to the show they supposedly love so much...
Danny's acting definitely sucked, on that tower talking about surrender. Her face was forced. And the riding the dragons is so tacky. Because of that I give it 9.9.   
And Rains of Castamere was quite fucking sad that I'd think some people voted it bad but if that survives I have no doubt in mind that it will fall below that.
I'll admit things don't look good for me at the moment. But it's not done yet. 
So far. I'm playing to long game here. 
How long is that ? :D
I still think Ozymandias is better. That was the culmination of 60 episodes of storyline reaching a climax. Every single scene hits at the exact point it should. That's a fucking masterpiece episode of TV. I've seen a lot of the 'best' shows but yet, that episode went and created its own notch of greatness. I don't think anything from any other series compares, and Breaking Bad isn't even my favourite show. Six Feet Under, The Shield, The Wire, The Sopranos, Mad Men, Game of Thrones... all shows with amazing hours of television, but I still think Ozymandias stands atop.
Completely agree. I will always use Ozymandias as the yardstick by which to measure these things. 
I agree, but I would say that this episode is the culmination of all the hurt on Starks all show. It was payback and although I knew what was going to happen it was perfect. We shouldn't judge an episode on unpredictability. The cinematography was Oscar worthy (yes I know that is movies. That's the point). The battle was at the level of LOTR battles. It was beautiful and stressful and amazing. I have not felt that way while watching an episode since Ozymandias. 
You rate this episode equal to Ozymandias?\n\nSomeone fucking kill me.\n\nWhy are you comparing the two when they couldn't get more different as shows?\n\n
I rate it equal to Ozymandias given the context we are given. As with Breaking Bad the build up to that episode was so well done that Ozymandias paid off and was therefore given a 10/10. As with Battle of the Bastards the build up here was done in a similar way given the history of what Ramsay have done under the show. \n\nDon't think I compare those two episode, because I don't see where I did that and please don't comment such things as \"Someone fucking kill me.\" It's childish.
Rating something has nothing to do with comparing imho.  For example im into thrash movies aswell. I would never say that they are as well done as a really good movie but when i rate them i give points in how much joy i got from them. I dont get why people rate thrash movies so bad if they are going to watch one. Its like saying this movie has too much action but it was clear that this is a action movie. I cant explain it really well but in my opinion things should be rated in respect to what they want to be and what audience they wanna please. If im going to eat a sweet cake saying this cake was crap because it was not salty is just stupid.  You cant compare cake to fries but if you really really like both you can give both a 10.
You dont know shit then.
I think the fact that 95% of the total votes are 10/10 really says something. Also, there are always a couple hundred trolls who vote 1 just because.
It's the reddit hug of votes. Whenever an IMDB episode page of a show gets posted to reddit boasting about the votes, it always ends up getting a huge number of votes from the people who use or lurk on reddit. People feel like they are part of a movement.\n\nIt's also how those most liked or most disliked videos on youtube records happen. Once it becomes a thing, everyone wants to be a part of it.
IMDB has its own weird algorithm which tries to discount \"troll\" voting. 
I more meant that it was 9.9 for a long time and then a huge surplus of votes made it down to 9.7. It has so many votes it is hard to stop it much. It has more votes than almost any other episodes from the season by a longshot
I more meant that it was 9.9 for a long time and then a huge surplus of votes made it down to 9.7. It has so many votes it is hard to stop it much
Mathematically, it is hard to drop it very much. It was at 9.9 with like 15000 votes and so dropping it .2 is still a lot. It has way more ratings than any other episode this season besides battle of the bastards.
Exactly, when the link was first posted it wasn't anywhere close to that. Immediately after an episode fans rush to give it 10 ratings, especially when a post like this is made.
Yup, when it gets posted to reddit it gets a huge boost.
Exactly that was one of the best episodes of TV, that's why it still stayed at that rating.
[deleted]
The only reason those theories were being made in the first place was because people didn't think the episode could possibly be that dumb.
People seem to think the criticism comes from it not playing out in some wild way..  But the reality is, the reason for all the wild theories is because the straight forward answer didn't make any sense in the context.   Arya's character has been sold to us to be a certain thing.  With every season, constantly more vigilant, observant, capable, etc.  She then leaves a guild of trained killers, and acts smug, completely lets her guard down and is caught unaware the same day she leaves?  That makes *no* sense for her character.\n\nAs if that decision making wasn't bad enough, she suffers 3 knife wounds, 2 to the gut, and one of them a twisting wound, which is almost surely fatal without expert treatment.  She still manages to run across the city full speed, doing things her character probably couldn't do at 100% health, through dirty water, and then seemingly recovers over night from an injury she'd need weeks if not months to recover from.. \n\nFor what? So the viewers would spend 7 days thinking she might die and trying to find ways to make it make sense?  The bottom line is, it was poor writing and didn't fit the character/show world, and everyone hoped there was a better explanation.  I was disappointed their wasn't because the writing in this show is generally superb and that part of the story felt like amateur hour.
This argument has been brought forward again and again and it does not account for Arya acting OOC, the lack of consistent tone in the episodes, the fact that pretty much anyone had a better answer, the over reliance on shock value in ep 7, the fact that they ignored human biology.\n\nPlease stop trying to excuse the bad writing of that episode by using the idea that 'it didn't live up to peoples theories to people bitch' because that simply wasn't the case for the most part. The reason there were so many theories was BECAUSE the episodes were bad/mediocre. In GoT terms any episode which could be part of another series in how it saves characters or has them act inconsistently is bad.
Who had a better answer? No one. I read a bunch of the Arya theories and they were all dumber and made much less sense than what they went with on the show. The show's arc was far from perfect, but the fan theories were nothing more than people wanting a wacky plot twist for the sake of having a wacky plot twist. \n\nIgnored human biology? People have powered through worse injuries (stabbed in the head, shot in the head, stabbed many more times, etc.), but yeah, they went overboard with the stunts. I think they were going for a stunt coordination Emmy. Not the greatest idea, but it's television... But hey, perhaps milk of the poppy has some rather good curative properties. Did people complain as much when The Mountain was magically saved by Qyburn, who doesn't actually use magic?\n\nArya acting casual in Braavos? Meh, I guess she didn't think Jaqen would send someone to kill her. Perhaps, she thought she would get booted out and the Waif would get the Lady Crane contract. 
no it was just a cheap trick stabbing her so fatally, and then shitty writing having her just sleep it off.  that whole thing was just absolute shit.. worst bit of writing in GoT history for me.  
I agree with you 100% there are plenty of valid reasons like the ones you just mentioned. Was just speculating 
I do agree that Arya's arc has been interesting.... but not lately in my opinion. At least in season 6, at least. But it seems to me that, ever since she went to the house of black and white, her arc has been less interesting to me, particularly through season 6. 
Isn't Tormund from somewhere in Scandinavia as well?
He's Norwegian. 
I think he's norweigan.
It just failed? Man you ARE oh so much more *kisses fingertip* tasteful in cinnamontalography.
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [spoiler](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mmm wouldn't say he was too smart for Ramsey after how the rest of that episode went. He was easily manipulated and then crushed in battle by Ramsey, and saved due to some handy deus ex machina and his impenetrable plot armour.
My comment wasn't exactly 100% serious lol. Still though Ramsay got outplayed at the end there, and that's what counts.
Not saying it does. Just asking a question lol
  By whom?
It was one of the big dictionaries I think, on phone now, will update later.
I think she didn't tell anyone because she didn't fully trust LF and wasn't 100 % certain that he would turn up. Imagine if she had said to Jon \"wait a few days, LF is coming with the KoV\" and then he hadnt shown up.\n
There have been like three or four instances of deus ex machina this season, it's starting to get predictable.
  Rickon, Wun Wun, Ramsay all die. You needed Jon or Sansa to die?
The Lord of Light would've been a real dick if that was his plan after all.
Sure, but that's borderline plot armor. I mean would Ramsay really shoot an arrow into Wunwun's eye at the end when he had an easy chance to kill Jon?
Sometimes it's important that this is still a story with, you know, a plot and not real life. Some people do have to make it through to the end. There doesn't exist a story in the world devoid of plot armor.
He and his men probably wanted to make sure the giant was dead. Giants are very dangerous. They kill more people every year than bumblebees!\n\n
Someone in a different thread mentioned that Ramsay likes to manipulate people's emotions so much so that he must have wanted to shoot Wunwun in order to make Jon mad. Kind of that he is so rooted in manipulation that he forgets that he does not have to time to play with his subjects. 
> Sure, but that's borderline plot armor.\n\nIt's not like John already died once, right?
Then Jon might as well walk into battle alone
so, basically, \"plot armor\", but right now, most of you are in \"blind fanboy\"-mode and willing to accept all the bullshit this episode had
The Lord of Light isn't real. People just attribute magic to the gods as they can't understand it.
I think a lot of it is due to the fact that these books have been out there for so long. While this battle itself has not been written yet, its predecessors are and people have put things together for themselves.\n\nI think subliminally they've expected to be surprised even when what needs to happen does. 
Yep, people will be mad once R+L=J is confirmed. \"WOW, HOW PREDICTABLE!\"
>I think subliminally they've expected to be surprised even when what needs to happen does.\n\nI like this way of putting it.  Sometimes certain events just need to happen, not every predicted even needs to go wrong.  There have been very, very few moments in the series as cathartic as last episode.
Not everything needs a plot twist, but a predictable outcome ruins the tension. We knew the Starks were gonna win the whole time. \n\nThe only thing that made me stressful was wondering if Tormund or Davos would die. 
Not all of the starks won
So? I knew Harry Potter was going to win, it didn't mean I didn't finish the books or not watch the movies. Same with Lord of the Rings going into return. There was plenty of tension, I thought Tormund was going to die. We didn't know which characters would make it or if Ramsay's side would have any betrayals. Until the Umbers charged I was waiting for them to switch. It didn't have the twists of Hardhome but it was awesome in its own right. 
Idk man, it was looking pretty hopeless during the encirclement scene.  It was definitely touch and go there for a bit.  We knew that the knights of the vale would be on their way since it was foreshadowed, but it definitely wasn't guaranteed that that would make it in time.  It's kind of bad when having the good guys win one is \"predictable writing\" in Game of Thrones.
>Not everything needs a plot twist, but a predictable outcome ruins the tension. We knew the Starks were gonna win the whole time. \n\nI don't get it.  If you knew the Starks would win, why are you upset that the Starks won?  If you thought that another outcome was possible, then there would be tension because you didn't know the Starks would win.  If you thought the Starks winning was the only outcome that made sense, then it shouldn't hurt the writing that it's what happened.\n\nAlso, I just think it's dismissing a lot of really amazing moments in the episode to just summarize the whole thing as \"the Starks won.\"\n\n>The only thing that made me stressful was wondering if Tormund or Davos would die.\n\nI don't know about you, but that tension was a big deal for me.  That still added way more tension than Hardhome had, although the fact that I've read the books probably lowered Hardhome's tension.
It's easy to claim it now, but did we also know that Stannis would lose? That he'd lose twice?\n\nObviously the plot armour of Jon is really fucking thick now, especially since if he was gone there would be no \"north\" left at all, so we were expecting him to win, but most people would be lying if they didn't at least have a little doubt. This is the first major built up battle scene we've seen that's gone the way of the \"good\" side.
I agree. This episode was way better than Hardhome by a long shot. Jon was so passionate. It made up for his stoic attitude since being brought back. \n\nHardhome was pretty cool, but I've always thought Rains was the best episode. Now I don't know. This episode, the way it was shot.. The emotions it got out of me. I will probably never forget Davos against the sunset/rise. Or Jon coming up for air.\n\nPeople are upset because Littlefinger going all Gandalf. But we all saw it coming. And that's okay. There wouldn't be an episode if he fucking showed up on time and just wiped them out. That's how it needed to work. \n\nSometimes I just disagree with the hardcore Reddit crowd I guess. Not thinking this was one of the best TV episodes of all time is baffling to me.
Great review, I totally agree. I had such a mix of stress/anxiety from when John was seemingly going to get run down by the calvary until I saw Ramsey beaten and tied to that chair. Such a great hour of TV 
Yep plot twists are far from a must for the story to be good. Cliches on the other hand aren't great either and that is what we got. This episode had phenomenal cinematography and the pay of everyone wanted, that is why it is so liked, not because it had great tension, great writing or anything like that. I understand your opinion but I felt no emotion this episode. I knew Ramsey would die and Jon won't. I had no idea what was going to happen during Hardhome.
Did you watch the encirclement scene?
You didn't know what to expect? I thought it was pretty predictable\n\nIt seemed pretty typical that Jon probably wouldn't have died because of plot armour, Ramsey certainly wasn't going to give up Rickon, and the Knights of Vale were going to save the day
Idk, I actually was starting to think when jon was being trampled that I wouldn't be surprised if another gOt episode ended on a total downer
> I thought it was pretty predictable\n\nThe battle may have been, but the casualties certainly weren't. Most people here were convinced that Davos/Tormund would perish, and those 'mini stories' were more important to me than the overall results (which was pretty obvious, it had to be).
Jon \"No shield needed\" Snow? Yeah, he was pretty plot-armored. If you honestly believed he was going to die in this battle, then I say that you have not been watching any fantasy movies for the last thirty years.\n\nThat said, I enjoyed the episode.
It was so predictable that I might as well have already read a book about it. Cool fights though.
I mean one could easily liken this to the battles of Helm's Deep or the Pelennor for Lord of the Rings. Main heroes are trapped and nearly defeated when allied cavalry arrives to turn the tide.\n\nI for one was just happy to let myself be immersed with the incredible choreography and fighting sequences. While everything we all expected to happen did happen it doesn't lessen the experience for me.
I am a book reader and I know I sound like a smart ass but everything in this epi seemed fairly predictable. We know Jons not gonna die; we knew the vale were coming. The whole our fathers sucked shit was just lame. Ugh I feel like they are rushing.
Yeah pretty much everything the sub accepted would happen, happened. No more, no less.
The further you get into a series, the more obvious it is what character have plot armor. There's no way they're going to kill off more main characters that have been in since season 1 until the series has reached the real end game.
That's how the previous seasons worked but not nessecarily this one
People need to drop the ,,Got breaks tropes'' because it simply isn't true.
Yeah because if they kept that up we wouldnt have any good characters left to work with.
This is what happens, people jump on the show after hearing how unpredictable it is and start throwing hissy fits when people don't die
They still kill characters by the bucketloads, and now with no tension or setup. That's a very poor excuse, specially when they've done away with many of the best characters already.
[deleted]
I think we should stop predicting things and just let ourselves be surprised.
The books are heading that way too. That's always been one of my complaints about ASoIaF. It was always heading towards the Wheel of Time -- Light vs. Shadow, Fire vs. Ice, Life vs. Death. In a lot of ways, the first 4 books or so were always going to be irrelevant outside of determining who's left for books 6 and 7.\n\nJust because Rand al'Thor is going to be a dwarf doesn't mean he isn't Rand al'Thor, and just because Perrin uses a sword instead of an axe with a smaller beard, and Mat is a girl, doesn't mean it isn't Wheel of Time.\n\nI mean for Christ's sake, it's even The Dragon vs. the Shadow is what we're building towards. One of the problems with writing a political thriller in the shadow of a cosmic conflict is the politics are irrelevant in the wake of the cosmic threat.\n\nHow in the world is it going to matter who sits on the Iron Throne when the Night King crosses the wall?\n\nEpisodes like this one -- Battle of the Bastards -- exist to shape the cast that will make it to the cosmic conflict. Because I promise, when it becomes Westeros vs. White Walkers, the stakes will be infinitely larger, and Jon's going to need what he learned at Winterfel to fight that battle. \n\nThis battle wasn't important because Jon might have died -- it was important because we saw Jon covered in soot and dried blood. Because we saw Sansa smirk as a man (a deserving man but still) was eaten alive. \n\nThings are going to be worse, so much worse, and at this point the Iron Throne is the anvil on which Westeros must be forged.
Well that's where GRRM's hypocrisy comes in. He claims to have no main characters, but that's not true at all. The main characters are the POV characters that are still alive. It can't have the \"nobody is safe\" thing because most of the characters have died up to this point. That's not to say there won't be any more major deaths, but there has to be some kind of ending here. 
The guy I was responding to asked what someone didn't like about the episode. I prefaced my comment with \"I did love the episode\". I understand that if everything was a twist it would be predictable, maybe what I should've said is I want some rationality back.\n\n The Vale army was the largest force in Westeros after the War of the Five Kings. They had just taken Moat Cailin after being inactive for an entire Civil War. Moat Cailin is referred to repeatedly as a major stronghold that holds the north. Ramsay would have heard about this as warden of the North. He would have had scouts watching it. The Vale army wouldn't have been able to sneak thousands of troops north without Ramsay having even the slightest inkling they would have been coming. \n\nYou might say, \"Ramsay wanted to wipe out Jon's forces quick before the Vale army arrived\". This is a stupid, irrational thing to do. If Ramsay knew the Vale force was close, as he should've, he would've held up in Winterfell and let Winter take care of them during a siege. Winterfell was time and again referred to as a bastion of fortitude. Ned and Theon often mentioned how one man on a wall is worth 10 on the ground (from memory). \n\nYou might then say, \"But Ramsay had to meet Jon in battle, the north was watching, he can't look weak!\". This again doesn't make sense at all. What houses are watching? Most of the major houses fighting forces went south and died fighting with Robb. Let's say there were powerful houses 'watching' (never mind how), why would they care if Ramsay used a castle for it's intended purpose? What better position would they be in to attack Ramsay if he did hole up in Winterfell? Would it be worth it to them to march across however many kilometers in the advent of winter, with not much food at all, and risk rebelling against the house with the largest army? No one would be stupid enough to do that. Even if they got to Jon's, and lets say for measure the Vale's forces, during the siege and before any major casualties, would they have enough to overwhelm Winterfell right before winter? Maybe, although it would be a massive gamble and a stupid one. Then also, why would these hypothetical houses rally behind a southern army taking their capital? Doesn't that smell entirely like a plot to control the north by foreigners? \n\nThe Blackwater had rational thought put into it and the battle felt naturally occurring. People paying attention could have seen the 'twists' coming, they weren't contrived. The Blackwater had it's flaws too but not so much as this episode at all. Bastardbowl felt forced for a climatic conclusion that did away with rational thought. It was very enjoyable to watch, but the conditions that created it fall away under scrutiny. People like shows for different reasons, I always liked the intrigue of GOT much more than the action. \n\nAgain, I didn't come to this thread to shit on the episode (I even praised it as the best shot in my comment). I responded to a guy who asked what someone didn't like about the episode. Don't jump on the wagon of hating on people criticising an episode when asked to. 
You know what would have been a genuinely surprising? Ramsey actually fucking up and Rickon surviving. 
> I like the idea of Ramsay being delusional to the end, but while I liked most of his acting choices throughout the show, I thought that line should have been delivered with a bit of fear and uncertainty, not raw confidence.\n\nWhy is that so strange? The only time he even showed fear in the show was when his father told him about his future baby brother. He immediately resolved that one. The guy was nothing but raw confidence otherwise, even right before he's captured when he claimed they would still be able to hold Winterfell from a siege.\n\nAlso he would never show weakness in front of Sansa.
1) When the dragon showed up they immediately surrendered. The whole scene makes zero sense if they already knew Dany came to Meereen on a dragon. \n\n2) Alright, Dany is psychic. It's a bit weak in my opinion, but there we go.\n\n3) So they were just sitting nearby waiting for a dragon to burn the ships. Ignoring the fact that the plan was devised between Dany and Tyrion and they weren't involved at all, how did the masters not see the dothraki horde sitting outside? Again, it didn't seem to come up during the negotiations until after the surrender.\n\n4) If you can suspend your disbelief that an army of thousands can invade hundreds of miles of territory without the lord finding out then it's not really worth talking about to be honest.\n\n6) Plot armour is a writing flaw when it requires this level of belief suspension. Jon charging alone into a rain of arrow fire is dumb. Maybe just a personal thing, though.\n\n7) *Maybe* they'll explain it next episode and it's not just bad writing. But I remember people saying that about Arya being stabbed. Remember how that turned out?\n\n8) Pedantics. Jon fell for the (obvious) trick. He had no plan. He deserved to die, just like Ned or Robb. This is really more of a thematic flaw than a writing one, but it still brought the episode quality down for me.\n\n9) They had stopped fighting the soldiers when Ramsay fired. You're arguing a bit of empty point, here.\n\n10) It potentially goads Jon into making bad decisions? More than an arrow to the face would? Come on.\n\n12) Why would anyone tell Sansa the dogs haven't been fed for seven days? How would that even come up? This is a very minor point but I included it because it's another symptom of the episode's general laziness.\n\n13) With Littlefinger's army they massively outnumbered the Boltons. The encircling wouldn't have even worked. I do see where you're coming from though.\n\n14) What made me think she was with Littelfinger's army was when she was on a horse next to Littlefinger with his army.\n\nI appreciate the fact that you took the time to reply to almost all the points and I do respect a lot of what you said, especially to some of my pretty nitpicky points. But some of it like 4, 9 and 10 is just ridiculous. I feel like you're arguing them for the sake of it.
Point 12, I will reiterate for JohnnyCwtb that Sansa was THERE when Ramsey spoke about the dogs.  Even with that aside, Jon may have reasonably told Sansa about the dogs because he might have wanted to feed him to the dogs as well.\n\nFor your other points about the Knights of the Vale, I think you're overestimating the size of their force.  Ramsey explicitly said \"they don't have an army\".  This would help explain how they managed to quickly get to Winterfell without detection, and why the surprise attack was necessary.  Further, you're overestimating the loyalty of other northern houses to House Bolton.  Really, only the Umbers and Karstarks were loyal to the Boltons, whereas the other northern houses simply did not want to fight against the Boltons.  Do you expect every minor village they pass to think \"oh there's men headed north, better ride to Winterfell and warn Ramsey\".  You're right in saying it would be difficult, and even unlikely, but not impossible.\n\nLastly, for point 6, he didn't charge IN to a rain of arrows, he charged PAST where the arrows would land.  This is clear as the place he was standing was immediately bombarded after he charged.  If he had stayed where he would or retreated his chances of being hit would have increased.
Sansa didn't reaveal the line about the dogs until the very end.\nThere was a period of time between Jon beating Ramsay and the ending, and it's fair to assume she had some conversation with Jon/others about her intentions, especially since Ramsay was moved to the cell, and the doors for the hounds cages were opened.   Someone helped her do those things.  I didn't feel like it was a continuity error at all, just something that happened off screen.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1758 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48607)
That was poorly directed. Big difference. People who don't work in the industry merge all aspects of film together and call it writing.
Yes. The conversation between Edmure and Jaime is one of the best written scenes in the entire series. 
I wasn't arguing the cost of the Vale, but the fact that they magically just teleported to Winterfell. It doesn't make any sense. Someone would have sent a raven to Ramsay. They'd have to go past Moat Calin at the very least, that castle Ramsay took last season. The Aryn army is invading the North, and the Northern army doesn't realise they're there until they ride over the hill. What? There was literally thousands of men. Stuff like that used to be planned out, but now it isn't. It's just lazy.\n\nI think it does deserve the tone. It was badly written. The whole episode was, in my opinion.
> the fact that they magically just teleported to Winterfell\n\nIt's been said at least once before (probably more) that each story within an episode is not happening at the same time. Months could have passed between episodes or even within stories within an episode.\n\n> It was badly written. The whole episode was, in my opinion.\n\nWell, I suppose it's a good thing you're not voting on the Emmys.
That is not a continuity issue - why does everyone assume that everyone would keep that information from her? She clearly had several off-screen conversations with people who were there, how else would she even know where to find Ramsay?
> Aside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed,\n\nWe don't see everything happening on screen, it's possible her and Jon talked about it before that scene happened.
> Aside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed\n\nDidn't Ramsay mention the dogs at the horse meeting between the two sides before the battle? Sansa was there.
Him saying the dogs weren't fed was before the battle and Sansa was there
The only unpredictable thing that has happened in the main plot since the red wedding is Jon's death, which is hardly worth mentioning as it was basically only a scare. There's no way to keep a series like this unpredictable forever, unless they kill off all main characters and replace them.
I generally agree with your premise, but we *did* see that. Sansa outsmarted Ramsey, and she did it by keeping the Knights of the Vale from Jon and using his wilding's as bait for her own army. It was ruthless, but it worked. 
I was talking about Jon charging alone against Bolton army and dodging million arrows. If it was in GoT style, Jon would die and Sansa would then reclaim the Winterfell. 
[deleted]
You can definitely find these types of things in the earlier seasons, but a lot of them were explained by information given in the books.
The knights of the Vale wasn't even a Deus Ex Machina situation, there was obvious planting and pay-off for that during the previous episodes, it didn't come out of nowhere. \nEDIT:\nJust in case it isn't clear, I'm actually with you on this.
Exactly. We *knew* that Sansa was holding them in reserve. The GoT twist isn't that the cavalry arrived, it's that Sansa was planning Jon and the Wildlings to maximize their usefulness. 
Yeah me too! Then when I saw it was Shaggy Dog's head I was expecting Jon to mention about how small his head was. \nAnd on that note: I'm starting to think that Shaggy Dog was kenneled the whole time Rickon was with the Umbers; if the dragons are in a cage and can't grow, why not the direwolves as well?
Right, and while a bunch of the people that said \"Zomg this episode was so predictable\" would be stoked, I'd be the one going \"wow how predictable was that, c'mon guy some originality please.\"
Wow a lot of downvotes, but out of curiosity can you show me this laser pointer you were talking about, I'm suddenly very interested
\"Protection from the Lord of Light\" disguised as luck. Fate is a big part of the series and in a world where people are brought back from the dead and dragons are alive there are certainly more ridiculous things that have happened than getting lucky when dodging some arrows.\n\nI would even argue that it was more lucky that the cavalries collided directly on top of him. A few seconds difference and he would have been slaughtered.
Yeah, I know the whole protection thing, that's pretty much what I called it when I was watching the episode lol. I was just saying that the arrow thing was more of a reason for people to be mad than the other two points he made (being surrounded and ramsay killing Wun Wun)
What did you want? For him to die? There's always a blurred line of realism in these scenes; you can watch battle sequence with the 'main' character of any film/series and there's *always* some sections where plot armour prevails; it *has* to.
This episode was more than just effects, though.  It wasn't all story, but things like the Rickon scene, the crush, and the final Jon vs Ramsey fight had a lot of emotional impact to in my opinion, it's unfair to the writing and direction to dismiss them as effects.
You're right, it was story driven action. I just don't really LOVE GoT for its storytelling anymore, not since season 3. I feel like it's a big past its prime in that case, more Hollywood and less gritty book. That's why I'm ok with being swept away by the action. 
The Rickon scene just came across to me as 'Ramsey does something shockingly evil scene no.531'. There was almost a decent emotional moment when Wun Wun was dying but then they ruined it just so they could have 'Ramsey does something shockingly evil scene no.532'.
Yeah. That was my favourite part of the episode as well actually.\n\nAnd honestly if it hadn't been for the absolutely atrocious subplot of Arya getting stabbed and chilling at lady Crane's (everything between Arya blowing out the candle in her hidey-hole a couple of episodes earlier and the waif finding her there could have been completely skipped) the last episode would actually have been one of my favourites of the season.\n\nBut it happened. :(
Abstract. As in lacks specificity. You say the characters are completely consistent and, of course, don't bother to explain any further. So, yeah, abstract arguments. The one's stupid people drift towards.\n\nAlso, you don't use lmfao right before a question mark. It's essentially asking me if you should be laughing your mother fucking ass off. \n\nLike I said, it's really no surprise you were thrilled by this episode. I'm sure you are a big fan of the Transformers franchise, as well.
Either way. You introduced it to me. So you are a hero even if you won't acknowledge it =>
I've loved the majority of the show - just not a fan of episodes like this. Long battle scenes with poor/uninteresting dialogue.
I'm fine with representing the chaos of battle, but when you devote 20ish minutes of air time to it, it needs to be a little cleaner and a little more interesting. Specifically when they were stuck in the pincer. The battle Itself was straight up just boring. They rushed in, got surrounded, got saved by the Vale. Why not have it be a little more focused on tactics. They had a smaller force, they mentioned building trenches to stop the Calvary, and then they just forgot about all that and charged in? Yeah I get they were mad about rickkon but come on, this is their one shot to get Winterfell back.\n\nWhen I say the writing was lazy, i mean the actual script. Dany's line could have been way more interesting than \"actually, ur gonna surrender to me\". Jon and Sansa's dialogue was absolutely terrible. Davos and Tormund could have had way more interesting dialogue. The red witch and Jon's scene was completely pointless.\n\nGiven that this is art we are talking about, not sure if there is a right or wrong side of it. And champ? Really?
fair doos, nice points. haha it seemed to round it off nicely
>people are calling it (one of) the best episodes of television ever. you're on the wrong side of history, champ.\n\nThis is such a weak argument.
didn't mean it to say \"people say it, so it's true.\" meant something like, \"people are enjoying it even more than you understand. perhaps it has value that you haven't yet discovered.\"
I don't want flawless characters I want characters that are not suicidaly idiotic.\n\nJon Snow has been fricking groomed for command in the Nights Watch for a long time. We saw him command battles pretty damn well, he even made a pretty good plan. And to throw his whole battle strategy out of the window and just charge into the enemy?  That goes against the character.
It doesn't at all. Jon loves his family. There's a reason why Sansa tried to get Jon to accept that Rickon was dead, even if he was still moving.\n\nHe didn't. He couldn't. He broke. He even stayed consistent with that throughout the episode.
Yes its true that they gave a subtle hint, but I think they wanted it to be a twist, otherwise Sansa would have said to Jon clearly that she talked to LF, because why not? Just for her pride? I dont buy it. Yes she didnt know when he was going to arrive, but they (the producers) did, and they could have make him arrive anytime before the battle if they wanted. If they didnt intended it to be a twist why make him show up EXACTLY in the moment it appeared the hope was gone? They clearly wanted shock value, and it's the 4th time they do this, it no longer unexpected. Poor producing.
Sansa didn't tell Jon about this for the same reason she didn't tell Jon about meeting Littlefinger in Mole Town and how she knew about the Blackfish. She hided everything about Littlefinger, not just this. So her behavior fits, at least considering her attitude towards Littlefinger this season. We still have to wait until we see the dynamics between Littlefinger-Sansa-Jon to understand why Sansa acted this way.\n\nWhy the Knights of the Vale arrived at the end of the battle instead of the middle of the battle? It doesn't mean it was for plot twist value, it was to make a climatic and emotional ending for the battle, just that. The Rohirrim in LOTR wasn't a twist either, everyone knew Gandalf went for them, they appear at the end for climatic purposes. You can't say it was to make a twist, you just don't know the intentions. Think about it, if you, as a tv watcher, knew the Knights of the Vale were coming because the show specifically stated it, what's better? To have them arrive at the battle in the middle or in the end of the battle to save the day? Clearly it has more value if they arrive in the end, even if you knew they were coming. So you can't confirm it was made for twist purposes just by pointint out they arrived in the end.
They were shooting arrows at him as he charged. That's how his horse died. 
i noticed that too...
Cool, fuck your opinion too man. 
I'd say my opinion has a stronger base than \"squinty eyes\". I respectfully disagreed. Thanks for fucking my opinion. Probably the only thing you'll ever fuck.
nope, spineless shits do, who are unable to have an argument
Deep breaths bro.
Oh wow. I didn't even notice till you mentioned it haha. Good catch lol
RE: your handle\n\nRamsey's demise reminded me of the trick Hannibal Lector played on a child predator in those Thomas Harriss.  So googled up Hannibal Lector dogs eating face or something similar.....turns out it was inspired by the actions of someone who did that to themselves while on PCP.  The accompanying photo was gruesome.
four years of it, too. username checks out.
I like to imagine Jon, Davos, and Tormund talking behind Ramsay's back like high school girls
'Calling me bastard, HE'S a bastard!'\n\n'Totally.'
\"Like, oh my god, did you *see* how he was looking at Jon?\"
Oh they totally are high school girls. And Melisandre is the scolding teacher. But she may soon face a pupil that's become particularly unhappy with her methods...
Maybe when Sansa got dibs on killing Ramsay, she took a poll of ideas on how to carry it out and someone helpfully pointed out \"You know, he did say his hounds haven't eaten in seven days...\"
You know there was at least one woman who would have suggested burning him alive.
It would have been good Karma if Theon had shown up and queefed Ramsey to death
Yeah that's what happened with me. It had no significance the first time around so you don't notice it, but then on the next watch, you notice she isn't there. 
Milk of the poppy. It's good for what ails you!
like the penicillin tea and the will to live from Arrow
\"Oh, what have we got here, a lil bit of poppy milk?\"\n\n\"It's not mine sir, I'm holding for a friend!\"\n\n\"That's what all you fucking poppyheads say. You're coming downtown with me, boy.\"
Milk of the poppy is opium extract, correct?
When Wun Wun was in the courtyard, I yelled at the TV, \"Hang in there, we'll get you some milk of the poppy!\"
No you didn't
Then arrow through the eye.\n\nI hoped he would have hung on a little longer. Last of his kind and all.\n\nA Ramsey arrow through the eye is pretty bad considering all the other shots he took!
mmm soup
Don't forget the brackish sewer water to rinse out the wound!
Oh that was me. I thought if I poked enough holes in him, the poison would drain. 
Hello, Qyburn!
I repeat he was poisoned by his enemies.
Yes\n\nThe blade was poisoned
It's forbidden. 
fucking Tommen
God damnit I was so happy from just watching S6E9 and you just made me sad again
They should off themselves next, just to complete the tradition.
Idk who is even left for them to get their revenge on. Tywin, the main guy behind their woes, is dead. His son killed him, so he shouldn't be a target (granted the sandcunts don't use logic). The mountain was killed by Oberyn (in mutual combat btw), so even if they go after him it's pretty pointless cuz he's a zombie and as far as everyone else knows he is dead. Cersi sure I guess, but she's gonna be ded soon anyway and kinda has her hands full. Jamie probably saved their relatives lives by killing the mad king, and they killed his daughter in front of him.
Ser Pounce, doing lines of that wild fyre again?
\"You want the good story, but you need the bad paradox\"
It's also very loosely based off of a true story. Except in the real story, they just sent one man to bring him back.
Which I think is why Sansa is such an interesting parallel, it shows how much her mental hardship has affected her outlook on life and how maybe there is \"a little bit of Ramsey in her forever\" paraphrasing of course.\n\nShe had all but given up on Rickon and had resigned to the fact that he was already dead.
That's a very good point. Also, Sansa likely still believes in an after-life, and Jon knows that in their universe there isn't one. Not that that made much of a difference, but it is something I just thought about.
>But a move I think most would make.\n\nCome on man...\n\nThat was dumbest scene in he entire show. It gave The Walking Dead a run for it's money. 
You don't think if you saw your last living brother (so you thought) running from a guy who you know is going to try and kill him that you wouldn't do everything you could to try and save him, no matter how low the odds are you will? \nI definitely would. It would be tough to live with myself if I didn't at least try. 
It was but you think people don't do the dumbest things in real life? And he wasn't expecting to kill them all. He thought he was going to die soon because there was no turning back at that point and wanted to go down fighting.
The director seems to be really big on taking you down to the POV of the characters as much as possible. This was what was so damn good about Hardhome, because you couldn't really tell what was going on until the wights were on them. \n\nIt definitely was pretty cool, in my non-expert opinion, to feel what Jon was feeling and see what he was seeing, for the most part. We felt the frenzy when the cavalries meet just as he's about to be trampled. We felt like we were trapped inside the shield wall. And we definitely felt the hopelessness of being smothered by your own men trampling over him. \n\nI get where you're coming from, for sure, but it was a breath of fresh air for me, or maybe a lack of it. \n\nedit: a word
I just can't take too much shaky cam, makes me feel nauseated. But as a metaphor for Jon's experiences it does work.\n\nI just hope it was added for the right reasons, not because every major action movie does it these days. Or to hide CGI and bad cuts. 
The long steady cam shots weren't an option for this battle because there was far more CGI involved than the Castle Black scene. You complain that you can't tell what's going on but that's kind of the point otherwise the CGI would be far more obvious and jarring 
[deleted]
Fuck, that was awesome. 
Although Ramsey is first and foremost a terrorist/lunatic/sadist than a tactician with a goal. He may have thought that pissing Jon off, and tactically luring his army into the battle, was more fun than just trying to shoot Jon straight away.
This is it, Ramsay is a sadist, he likes to play with his food. Killing Jon at that point although the logical solution there would be totally out of character for him.\n\nCharacters in GoT don't always act perfectly rationally, that's one of it's biggest strengths, humans are inherently emotional creatures and do stupid shit sometimes.
But what is his goal? To be warden of the north? Then you don't execute you only ward/hostage. Why do you think throughout the show they kept Theon/Sansa/Edmure/kingslayer alive? 
I agree completely, everyone in this sub is just circle jerking away the fact that it was written by a bunch of boobs.  \n\nIt was cinematically gorgeous, but the plot for the entire battle was asinine.  It had so much freaking potential too, Davos was being a g the night before trying to be Hannibal while crafting a battle strategy.  Instead we get some silly Hollywodd plot crap that made no sense.\n\nStill a good episode overall, far from even close to being the best ever though.
I'm inclined to slightly disagree with you on this. Battles pre-gunpowder especially were not particularly clean things. It would have been wildly out of character for Jon to be stoic in a battle. Furthermore, one of the upsides of Jon's leadership styles is his men rallying to him. So yes, it does make sense that his men would try to save him if they saw him in trouble.\n\n
I agree with you there! Beautifully shot and some amazing action scenes but some pretty dodgy tactics just for entertainments sake which was disappointing. \nStill very much enjoyed it. Just not the #1 best episode/battle on TV/movies like people are preaching it to be.
I counted five perfectly timed \"guy is about to run down Jon Snow from behind and then someone else crashes into him from out of frame\" shots.  After the third time I was just like, \"AGAIN?\"
Jon was literally risen from the dead by,  some force clearly wants him alive,  the red woman even said as much... It's ploy armour,  but his plot armour as an in world explanation. 
If it makes you feel better, you could imagine that Jon's soldiers are intentionally protecting him. It's chaos, certainly, but if any of them notice him on the battlefield, they may try to come to him to help, and if they see someone about to kill him, they'll try to intervene.\n\nBy the same token, Ramsay's soldiers will probably prioritize him, but most of them have never seen him before today, and only at a distance, so you could suppose that they'll be worse at targeting him.
I imagine it's because he's now the chosen one azor ahai. The red gods protecting him.
haha wow
I see.  I don't know much in medieval tactics.
Oh, well the main thing is cavalry is for flank charges that destroy formations, thus causing the enemy to flee and get chased down by cavalry as well. \n\nJust like what the Knights of the Vale did to the Boltons. The Bolton infantry couldn't turn to meet the horses cause there were a bunch of wildlings in front of them. \n\nJon's initial plan of trenches on the edges of a slightly u-shaped formation, with forest behind, to protect against heavy cavalry and draw them to the center was great... But they decided screw it. 
He could have made a much larger impact in the battle than he did. 
Spears and swords. Any wildlings apart from Tormund were getting slashed apart. \n\nAlso you're expecting battle tactics from wildlings. Their typical tactic is to just rush in and kill everything that isn't them. 
ORKZ IZ MADE FOR FIGHTIN' 
There was a triple line of pairs of soldiers, one holding a spear and the other the shield. There may have been swordsman among them or it may have just been spear men who put down their spears and drew a sword, I'm not sure. But should a giant break the shield wall at a point, just like he did, it would allow for infantry to pour into the breach and eliminate one of the lines. Do it three times and you've just breached their formation. Seems possible to me, although I do admit the rear would present a hazard with their spears whilst the infantry rushed forward. I'm just making the point that infantry fighting beneath a giant would prove more difficult for a phalanx to combat than just one or the other individually. It seems an advantage that would be easy to notice and hard to pass up, yet no man took it.
Wun wun could have just grabbed a spear and started shish kababing people.
I'm actually going to disagree with you there. The wood was likely hardened in fire and therefore would have been difficult (but not impossible) to break the spears. Hell, wildling steel isn't that good, is it? It would've been cool to show a wildling attempt to break a spear, only for his sword to snap in half. Really show that the bridge between Bolton troops isn't just in discipline but also equipment.
Hell they must have had a blacksmith they could have spiked it. Just use sword blades as \"nails\" as you would with a baseball bat.\n
Barring fighting barehanded, he could have just grabbed some bodies and thrown them at the phalanx... Who can say they're strong enough to hold a shield up to a 200+ pound body thrown at you?
Yeah, probably shoulda been handed a giant log but I guess everyone there forgot [this](http://img2.tvtome.com/i/u/73705ea7a587470ec70e2ce233a99476.gif)
I think he basically did to be fair, I can't think of a battle from earlier in history where that maneuver was used effectively. Maybe the battle of Marathon? but the details we have on that battle are very vague.
Hannibal invented the maneuver where part of your line purposely gives way so that the enemy moves forward into a pocket and surrounds themselves. You can't convince me that nobody before him thought \"Hey, it's kind of hard to kill these guys when they're all facing you. I should get on their flanks and behind them and kill them that way\", and then did that. I don't know enough about pre-roman military history to point out any examples, but I would be shocked if they're not out there. Or they might not have been written about.
Honestly, though, Tywin busting through the door was a pretty cool moment. If we knew he was there before then, I'm thinking it wouldn't be as good.
I spelt it wrong. For some reason I always thought it was Hardholm, no idea why.
Thank you. This was bothering me!
Most of the Wights are practical effects. It's those skeletal ones that look corny as fuck.
Yeah I thought those moved weird haha
thats not possible i have read the books
Yes, but the point is, generally, the good guy wins in LotR, so it was predictable, but not any less amazing. Even in BotB, sure, we knew the Starks would come out on top, but how exactly they would was so excruciatingly tense. We didn't know who would die in the process. I thought Tormund would die. I thought Ramsay would do more damage to Snow or Sansa or Lady Mormont. I thought Ramsay would get a clean, easy death. So many things happened that I didn't know would happen even though I knew the Starks would come out on top somehow.  
But in the end, we all know the ring will be destroyed and the good guys win.\n\nIn this episode we were sure of how it was gonna turn out and it was great nonetheless. However, it's GoT so there's always that fear that maybe shit won't turn out well for the good guys.\n\nIt's easy to look back and say we called that, but it could have just as easily gone the other way. And I'm the moment, I don't think anyone was 100% for sure what was gonna happen. With GoT you always have that doubt, and that's what makes it exciting.
Sure there is edge of your seat excitement but there isnt that little extra poetic something that made it all something special beyond just the excitement.  The Red Wedding had it and the destruction of the Ring had it in LOTR.  Heck even Tyrion shooting his father with the crossbow had it after his trial.  This episode was good in it's own right but it didnt have that and I think that is what a lot of people are talking about when they talk of surprise twists.
Good point but it's not like we knew who out of Jon's main men would die. It was down to Tormund, Wun Wun, and Davos, so it's not like the episode was entirely predictable. I was bricking myself when Tormund was getting beaten by Smalljon.
Surprising would be Arya getting stabbed in broad daylight while paying no attention to her surroundings.  Oh wait, that happened.  The problem wasn't surprise but lack of subtlety, foreshadowing or intrigue.\n\nEdit: an example of foreshadowing that would've been \"surprising\" would be Ramsay's men turning on him instead of firing into the melee.  He's indiscriminately killing his own men with his archers - there's a good contrast with Davos holding fire and then having his archers charge instead.  If some part of his forces had refused and Ramsay had executed him on the spot, leading to chaos in his own forces, we'd have fulfillment on his father's warning that acting like a rabid dog would have consequences.  Instead, the Bolton forces are perfectly loyal and merciless, down to the shield wall tactics that the Starks weirdly allowed to set up.
Except the point of the story isn't that Jon Mary sues his way to a win, or that he's a great leader who wins despite the odds.\n\nRamsay DID author his own demise, and did so with a big mistake that came back to bite him.  He mistreated Sansa.  Roose Bolton told him not to do it, and he did, and Sansa became the agent of his destruction.\n\nThis was Sansa's war, not Jon's.  And Sansa won that war.  Ramsay's men turning on him wouldn't have been Sansa winning that war.
I cannt agree enough. That fight was predictable. Surprise does not equal good, sure, but that's not what people are saying. Instead, predictable is bad is a better way of putting it.\n\nI haven't been surprised by this show for a long time. It used to be complex, with cause and effect which ended up with surprising results because of the richness of the narrative. Small details would later be revealed to be huge dominoes. Now it feels like there are so many stories at once that the minutia is lost and every individual story has become predictable and unsatisfactory. 
Giving that example to show that surprise would be bad is just silly.\n\nYeah, you and me can come up with tons of bad twists to the plot, but I expect that Game of Thrones writers are able to come up with something that would really surprise me and be awesome.\n\nNot saying this episode wasn't great, but I still prefer the Rains of Castamere, Laws of Gods and Men and Hardhome.
The point isn't that surprise is bad, but that surprise isn't inherently good.\n\nPeople want 'surprise' but then feel cheapened when a surprise has no real build up.  Then they get upset when they see the buildup happen before the payoff.\n\nIt's not, critically speaking, a very well founded argument.   It's why critics don't generally rate based on surprise. 
[deleted]
Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye with an arrow.
[deleted]
Thank you, someone gets it. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not only that, but there's GOING to be a price paid. How anyone had a thought other than \"Oh shit, what is Littlefinger going to want out of this?\" is beyond me, because I immediately thought Sansa traded one psychopath for another.\n\nThe whole friggin' reason she didn't tell Jon about it is she KNOWS Jon would have said no to getting help from Baelish. The price would be too high.
Oh no a term wasn't used in the strictest sense of the word. The horror.
Or correctly at all. 
If it's statistical then quality was probably measured by consensus, I'd imagine. If so, it would probably be more accurate to say that IMDB is the best representation of the average audience member.\n\nBecause you really can't measure quality in any other way. 
I believe you have the right idea.
[deleted]
Oh, I know, but you don't always get that. When I first got into the show, I was behind. I was plowing through, and then my brother asked me, \"Have you gotten to the Red Wedding yet?\" I already heard of some other references to the Red Wedding, so when the wedding was coming up I had a bad feeling. With the talk of Arya getting nervous the closer she got to her family, I knew something bad was going to happen to the Starks at that wedding. Despite having an idea, it was still quite the experience. \n\nI didn't know 'Hold the door' was coming, but it wasn't simply the twist that made the scene. It was also the build up, suffering and sacrifice that Hodor made.
Right, but if GoT becomes nothing but twists and turns then they lose all god damn meaning.\n\nSometimes a battle episode really just needs to be a battle. I needs to be well made and horrific, this episode wasn't about the game of thrones with all its twisty turny plots and deception, it was about a small army trying hopelessly to beat a bigger army. It didn't need a plot twist, there was still unpredictability in who from Jon's side would die, and how exactly they would win. Would Sansa swallow her pride and call Baelish for help? Would the Boltons underestimate the Wildlings + Wun Wun? Would Ramsay's men turn on him once team Jono started turning the tide? Just because we knew the outcome doesn't mean we know the journey.\n\nYou can only have so many Hold the Door's and Red Weddings and Vipers vs Mountains before it gets stale. This episode was fantastic pay off for years of building up how much of a shit Ramsay was, and getting the plot moving back towards the threat north of the wall, it did what it needed to do and it did it fucking brilliantly.
Well Hardhome doesn't have to be unpredictable. That episode was a mix of the last desperate stand north of the wall, seeing some White walker action, having some story development and as the other guy said, is very original. \n\nThis episode, while having a satisfying amount of things happen. While being very pretty and well directed. Didn't quite have the same edge. As you said, it wasn't set up to be an unpredictable episode, it was very hinted at having knights of the veil to come in. But that doesn't really excuse anything, it merely says that BOTG didn't set the bar that high, so to speak.\n \nHardhome really stayed with me. The Night King reveal was fucking amazing and left me in awe. The overall feeling of Hardhome and the white walkers was captured perfectly. This episode was great, but it was a simple battle, it had the seemingly inevitable outcome. It was a good episode merely because of the directing in my opinion. The writing felt odd. Piles of corpses were weirdly introduced. Starks army became surrounded even though that is like the death sentence in open combat. The straight run from Ramsey's arrows and the very cliche last moment arrow through the chest. Like the just copied a cliche that was used in the movie In Time, and tbh that movie captured the moment better. The last minute save by Knights of the Veil... any mention of scouting around Winterfell in case an additional army would arrive was there no mention off. 
If BotB was a simple battle, then Hardhome was a simple rescue mission. I love Hardhome, it had a nice supernatural feel to it, and the end with the just the sound of the whirling wind and water with the visuals was hauntingly beautiful. I feel the BotB episode had better scenes leading up to the battle and had a longer, more powerful battle. \n\nWhat was odd about the writing for BotB? As for the battle scene, they studied a number of real life battles and drew from them to create that battle. It was based off of battles during the American Civil War and the encircling of an army from the Battle of Cannae. The last moment arrow from Ramsay was deliberate to create maximum rustling of jimmies for Jon. If he shot him early, then it's much less likely that Jon charges. If Rickon dies right in front of him, then it's much more likely that Jon charges. In Time was a mediocre movie and that scene has a different set of circumstances. Those are different moments.\n\n As for scouting around Winterfell, Ramsay was way overconfident and was focused squarely on Jon's army in front of him. He was so confident that he ordered his archers to fire into their own troops. He's not the most experienced battle commander and he favored a much more aggressive approach to war than a defensive approach or a careful approach involving scouting out around the area. He wanted to smash Jon's army right then and there sending a message to any other Houses who may be looking to disobey him.\n
They could've turned when Smalljon did the whole \"Who owns the North?\" routine. Have the Umbers reply \"the Starks!\". Then Smalljon could say \"The North Remembers\" to Ramsay, and fuck shit up.\n\nOf course, I'm biased because Smalljon was such a badass in the books.
Obviously its hypothetical and we will never know, but to me it seems like that would have been their intent and based on the info at hand (Ramsey clearly winning battle), they made their choice. 
But that kind of move is done in the field of politics. When you are in the battlefield its too late I guess...
Hardhome is great for two reasons; one the fight was so badass, and it was the first time we saw the White Walkers come out and actually show a small part of what they were capable of, and it's absolutely terrifying. \n\nBonus point for that episode: it featured Jon, our favorite main character, getting the strongest of plot armor.
This time we saw what Dragons can do, that's pretty dope.
And it was outta nowhere! We didn't know the White Walkers were about to fuck shit up!
At 29,903 votes it's still 10/10
Now at over 40k votes and still on a perfect score
45,000 votes and counting and still at 10/10 \n
I don't get why people tend to circle jerk and say the episode wasn't as good as it could have been because something they wanted to happen didn't happen.
Which one was that?
Red Wedding dude.
Guys, it really bothers me that we're not finding enough ways to shit on this episode.
...yeah, all the plot twists have dried up since the series overtook the books.
Hodor?
Indeed, the only good plot twists were faithful to the books. Now when they need to come up with new ones, they just repeat the old clich\u00e9s. This only tells me that this producers are shit and bring shame to the work of GRRM.
2 weeks
It just feels weird to me for the characters I like to win. Feels wrong lol.
I disagree, I rate it a 9/10, mostly down to it being predictable.
I don't see why predictable == bad\n\nwould you rate LOTR lower because we all knew Sauron was going to lose from the very beginning?.\n\nSure predictable can be bad when it's done wrong - see Arya's arc last episode which was so predictably bad that people made theories in the hopes that it wouldn't happen, but unpredictable things can also be terrible as well - see sand snakes murder of the entire Martell line.\n\n
You do realise he used Ozymandias by name? Thus, drawing the comparison, but yeah, username checks out.
Eh, I wasn't a fan of theories, wasn't a fan of E8. In E7 she gets stabbed by a trained assassin that wants her dead, I'm assuming this trained assassin knows that stabbing someone in the stomachy area would lead to a very painful and drawn out death and wouldn't miss where the trained assassin was aiming for multiple times.
She wasn't stabbing to kill, she was stabbing to make Arya suffer. Killing would have come later.
Literally any theory was better. The entire arc of the faceless men was about deception and surprise, if you end that arc with no deception or surprise then you done fucked up. We did not see an ending which was appropriate for a group of assassins, we saw one which was appropriate for a group of warrior. The Arya luring the Waif out made more sense, pigs blood made more sense, even fucking Jaquen acting like Arya made more sense that's  how out of character Arya was.\n\nYes, ignored human biology. She was stabbed three times (maybe two) with a blade longer than 5 inches and then jumped into some dirty water before wandering about for a bit then just sitting and waiting to be fixed. After which she was 'fixed' in an indeterminate amount of time and suffered no infection which is plausable but was then capable of doing a series of physically exerting stuns before finally killing someone more skilled than her in combat (sure the dark, the waif can't fight in the dark etc) and then cutting off her face and bringing it, STILL WOUNDED, to the house of black and white. Also she just walked away from this after and we are to assume the magic water healed her though we have never had this foreshadowed.\n\nPeople survive thanks to modern medicine and luck yes, but there were so many extra stresses put on her wounds that no I would not say it is conceivable for her to survive. Going for 'stunt emmy' should not take precedence over suspension of disbelief. Milk of the Poppy is NOT a healing drink, it's more like morphine so all it does is numbs pain and ultimately causes sleep. Qyburn might use magic for all we know, he's shown an interest in the black arts and he's a scientist who has no boundaries. Also how can you compare Arya's stomach wounds being fixed by bandages and herbs by an actress to a scientist who spends a season bringing someone back as what is basically a zombie? \n\nBut she did, we see her looking prepared the in episode 6 when she blows out the candle, she is on the run and she knows it. In the books what you are suggesting would make sense since Arya is repeatedly told she can leave whenever she wants but in the show she doesn't even return the the house of black and white. 
God no, not any theory was better. None made sense and were just thrown out there to be a wild plot twist just for the sake of it or simple fan service (like randomly bringing Syrio back for no reason). The entire arc of the FM was not about deception and surprise. Besides, there was deception and surprise (\"Sweet girl\" and Arya's paranoia that anyone could be the Waif when she came out of the water). The arc was about Arya and not so much the FM. Their arc, which was minor, involves deception, but other things as well such as death is a gift. Arya decided that it was too cold and heartless for her, but hey, that's death. She didn't want to give up her identity and become a robotic assassin. The surprise at the end was that Arya was accepted, but turned Jaqen down. An ending appropriate for a group of assassins? It was just Arya and the Waif, 2 acolytes. The Waif failed her test. \n\nAre you seriously shitting me that pig's blood would have been better? That was possibly the worst theory and it would have made no sense whatsoever. Pretty much everything about it would have been ludicrous. What the fuck good would a pig's blood vest have done if the Waif slit her throat or shot her with a dart or a number of other things? The Waif wouldn't know she stabbed a pouch? \n\nAs for Arya's injury, there are real life survival stories that sound much more unrealistic. And, no, I'm not talking about modern medicine. I'm talking about survival stories where people have been left for dead and are a ways away from modern medicine. I've already stated that I don't like how overboard they went with the chase scene. Milk of the poppy must be one hell of a drug. Sure, maybe she should have bled out on the way to the House of B&W, but it wouldn't make for riveting TV to have to watch her recover before going back. Sure, it took Qyburn a season to bring The Mountain back, but he should have died well before that, but was apparently saved by Qyburn's magic healing ability. Arya got stabbed by a small dagger to the belly while The Mountain was stabbed in the chest with a bigass spear coated with poison.
Which, assuming my geography is right, is some more Viking representation in the show. 
Realism makes the fantasy elements more fantastic. This is why people don't question dragons and rez magic, but have a valid point in asking \"why is Sam still fat\"..
Meh, we've seen Ramsay kill people exactly when he needs to (Roose). No real reason to kill an incapacitated giant, imo. 
Considering Ramsay's chances are pretty much squat at that point, maybe he just wanted to have \"giantslayer\" bragging rights
It was a bit weird but I guess he could have wanted Jon to be pissed enough to kill him on the spot rather than keep him prisoner/torture or whatever. Even though it didn't work it's the best I could guess
He wanted to show that in defeat he can still hurt Jon.  His plan was to survive and then start torturing once he escaped; he literally did not count on dogs turning against him.
Why are you comparing it to Harry Potter? Compare it to earlier seasons of Game of Thrones, where not many characters had plot armor and ANYTHING could happen. Now in this episode, you KNEW Jon snow was gonna live and Ramsay was gonna die, so all the drama involving Jon being trampled was ruined because you knew he wasn't going to die. This show has definitely gotten worse in writing and cliche-ness (like Littlefinger showing up at the absolutely PERFECT time to save the day). The cinematography and everything was great, but the overall plot and tension has gotten more boring than the earlier seasons. 
Snow could also have died here and again resurrected by Mellisandre.
Anything being possible is not required for a good story. It still played out well, they laid the groundwork for what was going to happen. And even if Sansa didn't send the letter or LF didn't say he was going up I would have assumed something would save Jon. I was still glued to the screen wondering who would make it and if everyone on Ramsay's side would die for him or maybe run off. 
Yeah I mean its not like Jon has ever died right?
And got resurrected, no? Or you mean that people were worried that he might die and then get resurrected and come back and fight again?
Was this your reaction before ned died too? Or Oberyn? Or Robb? Game of thrones isn't liek a normal fantasy movie. People die at unexpected times, just like Duran (?) died together with that badass bodyguard everyone expected a story on.
I was shocked when Ned, Oberyn and Robb died. But I wasn't shocked when Jon died because I was a 110% certain he would make it back. Just like whenever Dany is knocking at death's door. I think the author has a plan for them in the extreme end-game of the books, and thus I believe they'll make their way out.\n\nI was shocked when Doran died too, but more because of the shitty writing of Dorne more than anything else :D
Yeah. People get so worked up about predictability and plot armour and stuff that they forget about what actually went into their eyeholes. Jon nearly died.
Jon nearly died like 5 times too.
No he didn't. It was clear that he would make it, it was clear that they would be saved be the vale cav.\n\nJon lead his army horribly, by all rights they should have perished on the battlefield. Ramsey might be a fucking cunt, but he is 3 times the strategist. Of course WunWun dies in the dumbest way possible, he costs too much and is practicable. This show is now standard tv writing.
But there were points where we were like \"fuuuuuuuuuuck\" during this episode.  
> Point 12, I will reiterate for JohnnyCwtb that Sansa was THERE when Ramsey spoke about the dogs.\n\nNo, she left just before that, after telling him to \"sleep well\".\n
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2959 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/13040)
Yeah but an assistant grip doesn't count. /s
Then maybe you shouldn't.\n
It's nothing to do with time. They need to cross the entire north to get there. It's a giant ass army marching through towns and villages and past keeps and no-one told Ramsay. It's nonsense.
They could've gotten ships to White Harbour and then marched north. It's not like many of the lords have reason to alert Ramsay
Correct. Ramsay's hold on the North was precarious as best.
It's not like the arrows were aimed at him, all he did was avoid a completely random death. I'm not sure why everyone seems to take issue with main characters not dying form random events. Sure it's plot armor, but plot armor is an essential part of good storytelling. GoT is about very specific deaths resulting as consequences for poor actions - there's nothing particularly tragic or revealing about Jon being one of the handful of guys who got shot full of arrows just because he *could* have been one of the guys shot full of arrows. \n\nI think the reason people keep bringing it up is because they saw the arrows but didn't worry that they might hurt Jon, which took some of the tension out. I get that. But I don't think I would change anything. The arrows did a lot to add to the chaos of the scene (brilliantly done), and despite his plot armor I legitimately feared for Jon being trampled. 
It's because he rushed into those arrows just like that and alone. So at first all arrow were aimed at him. Arrows were flying everywhere behind him, under him, in front of him, except that one spot where he currently was. I have no problem that he did not suffocate or any other stuff. I understand that he is main character and he will survive more then probability would suggest, but this event was over the top. I also understand that because he is main character he won't die or he will die at the end, but showing that nothing will ever happen to him when he is totally asking for it cheapens the story IMO. \n\n> issue with main characters not dying form random events\n\nThere is a difference between character riding somewhere and suddenly tree fall down because of being old and kills him. Or his horse stumbles on normal road when riding average speed somewhere and character breaks his neck. That is random death. And then there is a scene where character go up on some very high cliff and jumps down (which no one should survive) and survives. That is just dumb. What Jon did was the latter example, not the former. 
Except that they keep saying the Lord of Light \"has a plan\" for Jon Snow. If you watch under the assumption Jon is actually under some kind of divine protection, it explains all the incredible strokes of luck he experienced on the battlefield. Escaping arrows, horses, having others take hits for him, escaping suffocation. They went overboard to show us that he should have died over and over and yet he keeps escaping death. GoT style is that characters die when their death better serves the plot than keeping them around.
Yeah, I am aware of that. But exactly going overboard with showing us that nothing can happen to him is annoying me. Making it clear that main character is pretty much invincible is not exactly good writing imo. Plus don't forget that Lord of Light can be just made up. 
That's actually a pretty huge deal. It's the very first time we see Sansa *actually* playing the game, and it had nothing to do with dying her hair black and suddenly becoming Darth Sansa nonsense.
This was always inevitable with GoT, white walkers vs. westeros was always going to be a thing eventually.
The Rickon scene wasn't Ramsey being evil just to be evil, it was psychological manipulation.  He got Jon to completely abandon his strategy with it.  It was Ramsey out-mindgaming Jon.\n\nI have no idea what you're talking about with the second moment.  After Wun Wun died Ramsey just started shooting Jon with arrows, I'm not sure why you're classifying that as \"Ramsey does something shockingly evil.\"  The main point of that scene was to show how much Jon had lost control.\n\nHonestly, you're oversimplifying things to such an absurd level it almost feels like you're trying not to enjoy the episode or just not paying attention.
Fair enough. 
At least he's getting to fuck something.
Unlucky mate cheer up
\"Well, we could always-\"\n\n\"No, Mel.\"\n\n\"You didn't let me finish.\"\n\n\"You were going to suggest burning him alive. That's all you ever contribute to these meetings. Come up with some new ideas.\"\n\n\"You don't know that I was going to say that!\"\n\n\"OK, fine. What were you going to suggest?\"\n\n\"...but the benefits of burning him alive-\"\n\n\"Goddammit, Mel.\"
when did that happen? I don't remember that from either 1st or the 2nd season. Too bad it got cancelled after just 2 seasons
Cancelled?
Yes.
Always experimenting to find new ways to save people!\n\nFor this one though, it didn't work. It did not work...
Haven't you heard? No one is. Maybe that's why he took away trial by combat...
\"As long as I don't get laid, the rest of you can't have any fun either!\"
Arya is fucking Tommen?!
Fuck the Hypeslayer, first of his name.
That is an interesting comparison.\n\nRickon is young, and for him to die and become nothing is just unfair and cruel to him now. Jon can see something that no one else can at that moment, which makes it even more special that he tries saving him.
Him charging into the Bolton's army alone had nothing to do with saving his brother, he was already dead. 
At that point he had to charge forward. Look where the arrows landed when he charged forward: behind him. Ramsay initially anticipated Jon might try and return to his army and had his archers aim appropriately. Jon's only way to survive at that moment was to charge forward.
You should try watching the Inside the Episode. It gives a lot of insight. 
What would he need a hostage for? If he had won the battle there would be no one left to oppose him and he would have had the full support of the north. The rest of the Starks and everyone who supported them would be dead and no one would care about Rickon. Also like Sansa said in the episode he was never going to survive since him being a Stark would threaten Ramsey's claim to the north. Everything Ramsey did made perfect sense
I had no probably with Jon's cleanliness or his stoicism, it was how he blithely dove headlong into an obvious trap.
Man, it's like he got goaded and hasn't shown himself to be the most emotionally regulated character on the show.
The Stark men tend to put honor and duty above all else except love/emotion/passion. Ned with John and his false confession in King's Landing. Rob with the Vonlantis chick. John with Ygritte and charging into battle. Even Bran and his love of curiosity. \n\nIt's the Stark fatal flaw - duty and honor of the wolf, with the passion of the wolf.\n\nBesides, this wasn't master strategist Rob in command. The battle *had* to go different, else we'd not see any contrast with his brother. John would just be Rob 2.0. 
> some pretty dodgy tactics\n\nSuch as?
Such as there being none for Jon's army. Sansa not telling Jon about the Vale and then them showing up at just the right moment.\n\nRamsey surrounding them with his shield/pikemen and then just staring at them while the Karstarks decide to jump into the melee for no reason. (You can say Ramsey was toying with them etc I suppose).\n\nAlso that pile of dead bodies was ridiculous. Yeah they'd be piling on top of each other but that was something else.
Ummm, how about a full scale charge into an enemy force that is 3 or 4 times your size and has a defensible position.  It was pure suicide, and only worked because the riders of rohan magically appeared at the last moment to save the day.  Davos explicitly states the night before how they have to goad Ramsay into attacking them, so they can be on the defensive and prevent the Boltons from reaching their flanks.  \n\nGOT has done massive battle sequences superbly in the past: Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall (and stannis afterwards) were all fantastic and left this episode in the dust.  Again, I still thought it was good I just think they could have gotten the same conclusion in a much better and realistic way.  
To save Jon Snow, the leader who led them through so much.
He was an idiot and ruined his own plan
**WAAAGH!**
YOU DISGUSTING GREEN SKINS WILL BE PURGED IN THE NAME OF THE EMPEROR! ANGELS GUIDE MY BLADE THROUGH THESE XENOSCUM!
THA HUMIES HAVE GOTT'N BIGGA!
There's so much that he could've done, but I guess hindsight is 20/20.
It also deserves mentioning, if Ramsay hadn't fired arrows into his own men, he might've had enough to hold back Littlefinger. He had twice the men of Jon, so he inevitably killed more of his own men than Jon's in that volley.
Possibly... but House Bolton and the remnants of some houses aren't an army on the same order as the entire Vale.
The problem is that GRRM is notorious for stockpiling [Chekov's Guns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) in his writing, and the expectation was that that would continue in the show.  Instead, we've seen a dozen of them simply sit on the mantelpiece unfired.  It's a testament to Martin's writing that the show team has simply been unable or unwilling to keep up with his attention to detail.
TIL the word for that trope. Good to know.\n\nAlso thanks for the insight, i think that's exactly what the show has been missing the past two seasons. The only content we see is what relates to upcoming scenes and arcs, which can make the storylines feel obvious.
I'm just saying that GoT has shown time and time again how good they are with the twists. And the surprising episodes are just insane (like the ones I mentioned). So one episode that just let's everything play out as expected at face value, it's hard for me to put it up there with those other episodes.\n\nAlso, unexpected twists are what defines GoT. With other movies/shows/books the twists are far apart and you expect the good guys to win in the expected old fashioned way and you can accept that. But GoT has conditioned us differently.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I would say he was tied for first with Rickon.
A lot of people take the stories at face value.  Sansa saying they need more men, and then not offering up the Vale?  She must not have the Vale.  \n\nI mean I'm definitely with you, beating my head because, to me it seems obvious.  But I also watched last night's next to friends who literally said, \"oh FUCK\" when the knights of the vale showed up, so they definitely exist.
You're being pedantic
>If he shot him early, then it's much less likely that Jon charges. If Rickon dies right in front of him, then it's much more likely that Jon charges. In Time was a mediocre movie and that scene has a different set of circumstances. Those are different moments.\n\nDifferent circumstances well ofcourse fucking different, one is a sci fi movie, other is a fantasy show. But I'd argue they use the same cliche. I get Ramsey wanted to get him out but it doesn't make the shot of rickon getting shot just as they're about to grab each other less cliche. I know In Time is a mediocre movie, that makes it even worse.\n\n>I feel the BotB episode had better scenes leading up to the battle and had a longer, more powerful battle.\n\nYeah it was definitely more, of a battle so to speak. But Hardhome did what it set out to do perfectly in my opinion. It captured the moment of a village getting rushed down. BOTG was great yes, especially the scene with Snow just cutting down left and right, captured the war perfectly. But overall I think Hardhome had less flaws. BOTH was great, but outcome felt kind of inevitable, you were just hoping it to end in a different way than getting saved in the last moment of Knights of the Veil and I felt like the directing didn't really make the corpse wall a viable thing. The surrounding was just me nitpicking, forget that, that was ok, especially since Stark side were low number and a bunch of wildlings that aren't much for tacs, even though I feel like someone should've said something. It wasn't what got me out of the moment, what got me out of the moment was the inevitable \"well this will be solved by knights of the veil coming\" ... more desperate attempts from Tormund & Co \"still waiting\" *horn blows* \"Oh okay now they come\". Moments like that is what for me takes me out of the episode. It's not a big flaw but it is what keeps the episode from being that above great.\n\n>As for scouting around Winterfell, Ramsay was way overconfident and was focused squarely on Jon's army in front of him. He was so confident that he ordered his archers to fire into their own troops. He's not the most experienced battle commander and he favored a much more aggressive approach to war than a defensive approach or a careful approach involving scouting out around the area. He wanted to smash Jon's army right then and there sending a message to any other Houses who may be looking to disobey him.\n\nWell you have no idea what Ramsay thought. Only the writers know that, so basically you just speculate. Yes Ramsay was overconfident and needed to send a message, HENCE leaving Winterfell. But firing arrows on his own men isn't overconfidence, it's just strategy. One man for Ramsey counted less than 1 man for Snow. I mean I am nitpicking here as well but Ramsey should've had scouts. Knights of the veil is a huge army, it is led by the nephew of Catelyn Stark. If it was real life, I kind of feel like someone, just an advisor, would've maybe suggested that someone might keep an eye on the knights of the veil or atleast in the area around Winterfell.\n\n\n
Complaining about it being a cliche is a cliche. It was done in a way that made sense, so I don't see the problem. Nor do I understand why you're trying to compare it to In Time. You can only compare them by taking things out of context. I liked the Knights of the Vale showing up for the save. You could call *that* a cliche, though. However, I felt it was more fitting than the other times they've done it on the show (Tyrell/Lannister army showing up at the end of the BotBW, and Stannis' army showing up to save Jon and the NW from the wildlings). \n\nAnd yes, you can have an idea how Ramsay thought. There are cues from the show that gave you an idea into his thinking. Firing arrows into his own men is certainly overconfidence. Call it an overconfident strategy if you want. Also, it's \"Vale\" and not \"Veil\". Ramsay wouldn't be so wary of LF considering he brought him his wife.
Thanks
Yeah, I like that idea. Kill off an entire race.
Ramsey killed Wun Wun to proc his passive: \"On killing or flaying, gain 100% smug.\"
>Anything being possible is not required for a good story. \n\nIt's what made Game of Thrones popular, it's what it made it fresh and unique amongst dozens of other \"sword and sorcery\" works of fiction. You can't blame people for knocking last night's episode down a few pegs with how predictable it was that there was going to be a Knights of Rohan moment with Littlefing (and a rather contrived one at that).
The thing is, Jon has already done a *lot*, it's not extra-ordinary to think he might die, especially in a show like game of thrones. 
I'll admit, I kinda cheated with having read the books up to that point and the way he goes down in the book kind of strongly indicates that we haven't seen the last of him.\n\nEDIT: With that said, you are right. His story arc could well have ended with how they ran it in the show.
You only think Jon didn't almost die because you know that he has plot armour. How do we know that? Because the TV is (mostly) following the books. At some point, we won't know who can do what.\n\nWunWun took like 30 arrows man. It's called blood loss.
this is all the tv show now, in the books jon is dead after getting stabbed by his fellow crows and we don't know what happens after
Jesus fuck, man. \n\nI'm not inviting you to my watch party.
Good idea. If you just want mindless fun without things making sense if you think about em, you are better off without me.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1438 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26220)
I think the crew work on GoT is fantastic, but it doesn't mean their insights into the show's writing are all that great. \n\nI thought No One had some of the best writing this season, but the Director made some really funky choices in terms of tone. Further, the fact that he wasn't aware he was evoking T2 or The Godfather makes me really question how well he understands his audience or film in general. \n
They're willing to fight and die for him but sending a letter, well jeez that's where we cross the line.\n
You obviously haven't visited /r/Arrow in a while.
Yep. It was actually cancelled midway through Season 3. Then they replaced it with some CW romantic crap called *Felicity and Friends*.
That's the joke.
Yeah after the first season actually I don't know what /u/ohwellhell is talking about
Tom, C'mon. 2nd season was great
I honestly thought this was what they meant....\n
I understand emotion, but to disregard all vestiges of sensibility and the lives of the men following him, for what couldn't be a more obvious ploy by Ramsay, come on GOT is better than that.  I did enjoy the episode, I just don't think it was as good as many are clamoring it to be.  \n\nEpisode 10 has a ton going on and should be a fun ride though, I'm sure there will be plenty to digest going into the off-season hibernation
He'd just seen his brother murdered. People aren't known for caring about sensibility mere seconds after witnessing the deaths of loved ones, especially when the killer is so close. 
> Such as there being none for Jon's army\n\nAll tactics went out the window once Jon took on the Bolton army himself. Jon fell for Ramsey's trap and gave his men no choice but to charge straight at the Boltons.\n\n> Sansa not telling Jon about the Vale and then them showing up at just the right moment.\n\nNothing with Littlefinger is ever a coincidence. He had scouts watching the battle waiting for the perfect time to swoop in and save the day. If he had joined any earlier he would have lost far more men for no reason.\n\n> Ramsey surrounding them with his shield/pikemen and then just staring at them\n\nNot sure what you mean by this. The pikemen were taking steps forward every few seconds to constrict the Wildlings and cause a crush. It was working perfectly until the Knights of the Vale arrived. As for the Karstarks they are known to be fierce warriors and probably just wanted to be in the action\n\n> Also that pile of dead bodies was ridiculous\n\nYeah I can agree with that but there thousands of men fighting in a pretty small area so it's not really impossible. \n\n
It's not like no one realised it was a terrible plan, just that they'd already done everything in their power to get more men. Jon knew they couldn't wait any longer with the White Walkers coming and even tried to settle it another way by attempting to get Ramsey to fight him 1v1. I agree the plan was poor but the show made it pretty clear there wasn't much alternative
He followed his instincts and emotions. Who wouldn't rush up to save his own brother? \n\nMy only problem is that Rickon should've said, \"you didn't say how to run\" and wink at Ramsay. Then he proceeds to run in a zig-zag way and makes it to Jon, escaping on horseback.
>Who wouldn't rush up to save his own brother?\n\nI think your army is more important than your brother. He literally almost lost the fight because of that mistake. If it weren't for the Littlefinger jumbojet arriving at winterfell.
Fair enough, I don't really know much about the houses and their armies, just thought it was interesting that he killed people that could've helped him. I loved his character. Completely ruthless and fucking insane.
Yeah, I expect that's why GRRM has had such a hard time writing the rest of the series - he's going to start having to resolve plot threads rather than generate new ones (e.g. the Whitehaven rebellion, the Golden Company, Moquorro and Victarion, etc) and that means firing off a few from his arsenal.  Since the showrunners only have 11 episodes left, they're trying to resolve all the plots ASAP and losing the extra details and subtleties that made the first four seasons and the books so much fun.  \n\nIMO it's what's underlying all the theories about Smalljon Umber and Jaqen!Arya the last few episodes, that expectation of attention to detail (there's good and subtle evidence for The Great Northern Conspiracy in the books) and inconsistency.  
You don't need a twist, but a story where you can't see where the ending is going is infinitely better than one that telegraphs it from the start. Take Dany's bit. Based on last episode, everything that happened was a forgone conclusion. We didn't need to have it shown, although I'm glad we were. Likewise, it would have been better a) if the battle hadn't of had that same ending that every battle in the show has, and b) if it wasn't obvious that Baelish was going to turn up. And this is ignoring ideas like GNC. Would it not have been better if the Umbers had joined Jon mid Battle? Twists aren't always good, but surprises are generally better for storytelling than the obvious.
Yes, but we know that in the books, Arya will not die. George said so. Regardless, Mel specifically says \"maybe he brought you here to die again\". Jon gasps for breath in a pile of bodies. We didn't even know that Sansa wrote to LF. These are all assumptions because we've been guessing the plot for a decade. We've made ourselves almost immune to surprise.
No. It's just now the most obvious solution is probably the right one.
> if you want to watch TV without a pretentious loser bitching about predictability and the books, you are better off without me.
Yeah, using your brain while watching something sure is fucking pretentious.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3970 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/12123)
I assumed you meant you worked \"in the industry\" in a way that was relevant to the writing, my bad. \n\nI agree with you on the delineation of roles, you clearly know what you're talking about there, but when you talk about \"tone\" you're talking about broad strokes, I'm talking about small decisions, like the look on Ayra's face when she's walking up to the bridge. \n\nI totally agree that Ayra behaving overconfident is a writing decision, I just don't think that it was a bad writing decision. I believe it was the direction that caused her to come off as stupid, not careless/overconfident. \n\nSimilarly, I think the severity of the stab wounds was a bigger mistake than just writing that she was stabbed (I don't have a problem with), and I think more could have been done in the editing room to demonstrate that time had passed - people were thinking that she healed overnight when it was probably closer to several weeks. \n\nI agree with you abotu the Blackfish, I didn't like that deviation from the books, although I had to admit it's consistent with the character we've seen in the show. \n\nI believe she earned the title \"No One\" by defeating The Waif. The fact that she then choose to be Ayra is a related, but separate issue. I'm not sure why so many people struggled with that, so I'll admit that it could have been more clear, but I never had a problem with it. \n\n
I respectfully disagree. Honestly, it seemed to start getting worse each episode... like pilot was 10/10 the episode after that 9/10.. idk that was just my impression and the closer it got to \"magic\" and steered away from realism the worse it got
2nd season had great plotlines, Laurel's alcoholism, Roy's transformation, Oliver trying to honour Tommy's legacy, Moira being great as always, it had some problems of course, but it was overall such a great season. Especially when it's compared to Felicity and Friends
As Sansa said the night before he should have been fully prepared to witness Rickon die (Ramsay must also be the greatest archer to ever live to make that shot.  Of course he couldn't hit Jon while he stood in the same spot but, ya know, plot armor).  Jon has gone through, and witnessed, more pain and suffering than almost anybody in the GOT universe.  He certainly should have been able to place himself above the ridiculous all for nothing sprint into death when the future of the North, and arguably all of Westeros, hung in the balance.
I'm not saying it wasn't stupid, just that it made sense for his character. Being killed by his own brothers at Castle Black really seemed to affect him mentally and he seemed much more apathetic after that. I think the scene with Melisandre before the fight showed that he'd already accepted he was going to die and even told her not to revive him again after the fight. In my opinion after seeing Rickon die and knowing that he was already heavily outnumbered he just stopped caring and wanted it to be over, hence charging straight at the enemy
That's very true. I believe that few inexperienced commanders would just watch his own brother get shot. Jon Snow is no experienced commander. He is a good leader, but has little experience in commanding an army. 
Really? Jon being surrounded and crushed, yet surviving, is obvious if we forget about the meta? Shit man, he, instead of Rickon, could've been shot by Ramsay. Could've been sliced by the cavalry. Shot by the archers on Winterfell. Crushed. Speared.\n\nCan you think of anything that would make you actually fear for Jon's life? I doubt it. Even if he was stabbed repeatedly, you'd think 'he'll survive this, he has plot armour'.
The suspension of disbelieve was ripped away from me by how horrible the battle was going. Jon made almost every mistake in the book. It annoyed me so much that I couldn't just \"go with it\" and be immersed. The moment immersion breaks you start thinking, the moment you think you can't honestly fear for him.\n\nHe was standing in the middle of an arrow shower, yet everything missed him. That's fucking Arnold Schwarzenagger in Commando levels of plot armor.\n\nFear for a character has to be earned by a show and GoT lost that trust this season. If Arya can survive a trained killers attempt at her life after getting stabbed into her stomach 3 times. What actual fear can I have for Jon?
If you do meta, you cannot be surprised by anything that happens to Jon unless he is like, beheaded. George even said someone correctly predicted the ending to the books. We have been predicting things for an entire decade. There is no way around this.
Hmm, I hated the last episodes of the first season where it becomes hardcore sci-fi. Laurel is to me even more annoying than felicity, so I really don't like her alcoholism plot line. Roy is cool..yeah. Moira? who?
Do people not like Felicity on reddit? She's my favorite character.
Most of the people used to like her. However, in 3rd season when Olicity actually became a thing, she transformed into a whiny, illogical hypocrite. She just keeps crying and judging everyone, all the time. For instance this season, she broke up with Oliver because he lied to her about his son, even though literally in a previous episode she told Donna that people sometimes have to lie to protect someone, for the greater good. It's really more of a problem with bad and inconsistent writing and focusing on Felicity more than characters who should be in the focus of a Green Arrow adaptation (Oliver, Roy and Laurel). 
Ffs.\n\nThe point of it was that Jon had a plan, and it was a good plan, but as soon as Rickon showed up, the plan went out the window.\n\nSansa accepted Rickon as dead before the battle began, and SHE had a plan, and she knew Jon was too emotional to execute.\n\nThe point isn't that Jon won.  Jon did NOT win.\n\nSansa won, by playing the game.\n\nThat is the fucking point, and if you are going into this episode without talking about Sansa you are not talking about this episode.
Sansas actions make hardly any sense, why did she not tell him that they vale riders would likely come to their aid? With that knowledge they could have grinded the bolton army to dust by having the vale riders block the path to  winderfell.\n\nSansa won by going crying to littlefinger and letting Jon win her battle for her. Rickon died cause he doesn't know what running forward and slightly to the right makes him a harder target to hit (also plot convenience)\n\nJon did not die even though he 100% should have cause plot armor.
>Jon made almost every mistake in the book.\n\nYes. Jon made mistakes, like a real human being who has a chance to save his little brother. It's called emotion.\n\n>He was standing in the middle of an arrow shower, yet everything missed him.\n\nI imagine that Ramsay told them not to shoot Jon, because Ramsay wants to play with Jon on his own (raping Sansa in front of him, etc). It can also be interpreted as R'Hollor needing him.
Wow.\n\nSansa didn't tell Jon because she didn't trust Jon to do what was needed.  And Jon showed trust in him was unwarranted by not listening to Sansa AND not listening to his own plan!  Sansa as well has grown distrustful in general, based on her experiences.  She isn't opening up to anyone and has become very hardened.  Why WOULD she automatically trust Jon?  Having other people call the shots has only ended in misery.  She wants to call the shots so she can feel in control.  Had Jon shown a bit of sense and said 'Now is not the time to act, we are not ready.' Sansa probably would have trusted him.  She sees Jon as impetuous and willing to throw away his life for a cause, a martyr.  She doesn't want a martyr, she wants to come out on top and in control.\n\nShe won by manipulating Littlefinger.  She knows Littlefinger has a thing for her, and she can use that to get him to turn on the Boltons.  Baelish isn't the one with the power in their interactions any more, the season earned that.\n\nSo, she didn't 'cry to Baelish' she summoned him.\n\nShe knew Rickon was going to die, and that Ramsay was going to use Rickon against them.  And that it would work.  She TOLD Jon this would happen.  \n\nThis episode was about Jon fighting, but about Sansa WINNING.  Jon SHOULD be dead but Sansa saved him through her playing the game.  That's why she gets the victory closet at the end.  She earned it.
> Sansa didn't tell Jon because she didn't trust Jon to do what was needed.\n\nWhat does that even mean? Needed to do what? Win the battle? Fight the battle? He was ready for the battle, he wanted it so fast he didn't even wait properly, how is not telling him about the vale knights an advantage for Sansa, it only lowers her chance of victory.\n\n>She won by manipulating Littlefinger.\n\nShe didn't manipulate him at all, he freely offered the knights to her the first time, she rejected and later asked for them again. There was no manipulation going on. Are you even watching the show? What the fuck are you talking about.\n\nYou have no idea what you are talking about.
Jon couldn't be trusted to execute Jon's plan.  Seriously, didn't you notice that?  Did you take a piss when Jon was explaining the plan and then Rickon shows up and Jon goes fuck the plan and runs out into a slaughter?\n\nDid you not notice that seen of Jon being trampled and suffocating because he's in a situation that is literally over his head?\n\nDid you not watch the scene where Sansa and LF talked and Sansa was the one in control?  LF didn't put Sansa in a position where she needed him, this wasn't his plan.  Sansa found LFs one weakness (her) and exploited it.  And Sansa has leverage over Petyr,  as she is the one who can remove Baelish from his position in the Vale. \n\nSansa won that war.  Not Jon.
Plot armour is not being able to die on your own. Sansa *saved* Jon. Jon didn't magically survive because he's Jon.
[Alan Sepinwall](http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/review-did-battle-of-the-bastards-on-game-of-thrones-live-up-to-the-hype), for one, didn't care for the episode.
\"Jon snow is an idiot if I had been leading an inferior army to retake my home and Ramsey killed my brother I would have felt no emotion what so ever\"
I mean, I loved the episode as a fan of the show and a fan of great action, but it wasn't necessarily the best episode ever. This was more of a show piece for the action capabilities of the show.
My one issue with this episode that to some degree it was almost \"too violent to be cathartic\" and also rather predictable in everything that happened.\n\nIf I didn't spend time talking to my friends loads and thinking about the show loads then maybe this wouldn't have been the case but quite simply I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight. \n\nAlso it might just be me but some of the scripting was a bit cliche, the whole \"no you misunderstand we're here to negociate your surrender\" and Tormund not understanding basic tactics in the comical way he does was a bit eh. Maybe I just look for too gritty an experience throughout every single encounter in the show but it doesn't make me dislike the show at all really.\n\nThe scene at Mereen was nice to watch but felt a little like it was just flexing its CGI muscles and acting as fan service to those wanting to see action from the dragons. \n\nI'd still rate the episode like at least 8.5/10 because it was very entertaining but that doesn't mean I don't have some gripes with it.
Maybe it's because I'm still emotional from having watched the episode 15 minutes ago, but I immediately hate this guy.
I'm not in the \"didn't care for the episode\" camp but I didn't think it was amazing or anything.  I'd say it was a good not great episode.  It isn't Hardhome, Watchers on the Wall, Red Wedding, and Blackwater for me are the gold standard of the series.  I just think that the episode didn't live up to the MASSIVE hype.  From a cinematography standpoint I don't know if there was a more beautifully shot episode.  The Davos scene reminded me of Luke on Tatooine.  A+ for directing and filming, B for the actual content of the episode.  Maybe it's because Ramsay was one of my favorite characters, if not my absolute favorite character but I just felt like it didn't quite meet my expectations.
What the fuck does emotional meat mean ?
that review has plenty of bullshit quips in it. either he's just a sad cynical man, or doing it for clicks. very poor and excessively meta interpretation of the episode.
i dissagree so hard
After watching a second time, I'm so glad I don't see this show through other people's eyes like Alan's. It was so amazing. 
I was very underwhelmed by this episode. The writing was pretty bad, which is the first time I encounter that with this show. A lot of the dialogue was way too simplistic. \"Don't do what he wants you to do.\" Really? (That whole conversation was gringy) And it just had a lot of nonsensical decisions from characters for the sake of getting to specific plot points. (Rickon running in a straight line...Jon easily falling into that trap... Jon's army easily being surrounded by slow-moving troops with heavy shields...Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye instead of Jon...etc.) :/
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure that's grounds for eviction. Call your landlord and get a new roommate. He'll understand
grounds for ~~eviction~~murder
Argh, I almost downvoted you for how much I disliked his comment.
[deleted]
They wasted too much time on it. I would've been much happier for it to cut away to the sandsnakes right after Jon charged, and then after a 10 minute scene of Dorne it cuts back to Jon standing over a beaten up Ramsey.
The Sandsnakes are inexplicably in Winterfell. They assassinate Jon while he stands over Ramsay's bloodied body. They hiss at Sansa and call her a bitch. They teleport away.
Oh my god, you're a monster. You're actually a bigger monster than Ramsey. 
Yeah, and fuck the TOJ flashbacks, I want Bran to show us Oberyn taking Obara to court.
Nice troll 10/10
I literally scowled until I got to \"sandsnakes\" and then started laughing. 
Beware. They are back for the next episode. They are on the cast list. 
I'd rage.
They are in the cast for the next episode.
OMG I miss the sisters so much, the highlight of this season so far!\n\n/s
Don't show him Blackwater then
I believe you meant your ex-roommate.
[deleted]
Schroedinger's Critic
I wanna downvote your roommate, please pass that along
This is like complaining the water is too wet and the desert is too dry
My friend called it fan service.
Me to your roommate: \"I don't like how you're still drawing breath.\"
I'm only willing to forgive the episode the time it spent *not* on the battle because it was so great to see the dragons burning the Master's fleet.
There are always those people who pretend like they have a critique look that is just more mighty and holly than everyone else...
really annoying when self annointed critics try channeling reality tv food critics on Yelp!
I bet he didn't like The Return of the King. 
Not enough Sand Snakes
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
feed him to the hounds
I'm guessing he didn't see the battle at the wall episode from season 4
Can your roommate read? The episode is literally called 'Battle of the Bastards', what on earth was he expecting?
Tell your roommate you wanna play a game. Get a bow ready.
I didn't like it when the wildlings attacked Castle Black but that's mostly because the battle wasn't as epic as I had thought it would be. This one though I was so happy with. The entire time it was raw power and death everywhere and I kind of wish they had given it more time.
you have a roommate problem. 
And then you frogged his arm so hard he's still rubbing it and going \"Owwww\"
Fuck sake there is always something 
but it was only half the episode 
your roommate is a dumb idiot. they do that shit like every season!
I also get bored after like 15 minutes of battle. Fortunately, this one had a *lot* going on and was really well done (crush scene, etc).\n\nBut I still prefer episodes like S4E1 which begins with reforging Ned's sword and the small council, introducing Oberyn, and so on. Subtle, well-written scenes. And humor
Well know you know he takes it in the butt if your ever feeling frisky
Listen, there's only so many minutes of guts and screaming and fast camera movements that some of us can take at once. Hope I didn't miss anything important by skipping 90% of the battle...
You're a talker.
Watch a different show then, and try sounding less smug. You'll asphyxiate if you head goes any farther up you ass.\n\nI'm guessing you don't like Saving Private Ryan either.
it was a pretty shit battle too. \"Oh no this mountain of dead bodies is blocking our only escape\"
They haven't been fed in 7 days (since the previous episode).
We didn't have GoT for 7 days. We were starving. We are the hounds that ended Ramsay. 
Anyone else notice that Sansa rode off before Ramsay said that? Wonder how she knew. \n\n\"So what we're gonna need to do is hold our position and wait for them to attack us. They have greater numbers than us. Ramsay's dogs haven't eaten for 7 days. If we can get his army to charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"Wait was that bit you said in there?\"\n\n\"If they charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"No, the bit about his dogs\"\n\n\"They haven't eaten in 7 days\"\n\n\"...and?\"\n\n\"I dunno. Thought it was interesting\"
They're loyal beasts
Most of the fans hadn't had a *real* episode in 14 days. 
Yeah I'm not saying it's 10/10 TV, just that initial reactions are from people who sat at home on the couch all Sunday rocking back and forth looking a blank TV all day until they start refreshing their Apple TV every 20 seconds until the new episode is available on HBO Now. I would assume these are the types that overreact....OMG BEST EVER 22/10 STARS, WTF IMDB WHY CANT I RATE IT HIGHER, IT WAS SOOOO GOOD.
What episode did you have in mind?
I have found this to be by far the best series and loved every episode except this one that I thought was crap. I went on a rant about it above
It just depends on what sort of affect you're looking for the show to have on you. This was the most emotionally immersive episode I've ever seen, and part of it could have been the action, but I think also because it stuck with just two story lines and getting a lot of singular characters' screen time rather than jumping from city to city and only getting 10 minutes per character.
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
I think the episode managed to shine and to be honest didn't think his emotional response was out of character, but you're not alone in feeling that the show is a little wobbly without the ability to \"ctrl+c,ctrl+v\" the books.
I actually really enjoyed the episode as a whole, Mereen was awesome and the final scene between Sansa and Ramsay was dope.  GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years and I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nI'll still be glued to this subreddit all week and will certainly be tuned in next week, onward. 
[Well](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U)
I'm not trying to be cynical just to be cynical, I still thought the episode was very solid and would probably rate it 8-8.5.  The cinematography was gorgeous and the acting was superb throughout.  I just feel like the actual plot for the battle could have been so much better and am saddened by the fact that it couldn't live up to some of the other major conflict episodes of the past like Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall.  
Genius but immoral tactic
Not genius. 
If Ramsey had won, his victory would have been considered [pyrrhic.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrrhic_victory) 
Also a tactic I use heavily in Total War. I'm surprised the pikemen kept their cool when Wun Wun was picking them up one by one and tearing them in half.
The men are wavering!
I don't know why Wun Wun didn't break a hole in one side, and have the men pour through the pocket--they'd fall like dominos.
No one even aknowledged Wun Wun.\n\nOh yeah they have a giant. Weve seen plenty of those down the wall in the last thousand years. 
If Wun Wun had fought at that point like a giant and not a scared woman trying to swat flies he would have wrecked house. Like, at no point did ANYBODY among the wildings go \"Hey Wun Wun.. you know what you need? A fucking tree trunk to use a club. You know, so you can kill anything.\"\n\n
Total War allows that kind of micromanagement? I feel like the formation would randomly break and soon it would be a 1 soldier v 1 soldier if possible.
Inspired by the Battle of Cannae, as [noted here](https://redd.it/4owt7p).
The youtube link inside that link gave me such a strategy boner, holy shit.
Yep, it was used by Hannibal to defeat the much larger roman armies 
Battle of Cannae?
I knew Ricken was doomed because of it. 
A... Great Northern Conspiracy, perhaps?
[deleted]
Haha woah. I've always used this username- I watched a scooby doo episode with the \"wikitikis\" before I made my yahoo messenger in 6th grade 
I just remember seeing the 4 horsemen on the ridge with that creepy music playing, and then the avalanche of wights, and getting a legit pit in my stomach. I think Hardhome will always be my favorite.
For me it goes:\n\n1. Hardhome\n\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n\n3. The Watchers on the Wall
same. there was raw terror that i've never felt in a battle scene
And that music too. \n\n*tik-tik-tik-tik-tik*
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [warning label](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Still my favorite episode. When Jon is fighting the horseman and blocks his sword.. That long, drawn out clang of metal as they both realize what happened. I get hype every time I think about that scene.
I've said it like this, BotB was a better battle, Hardhome was a better episode.  And the directors say that's kinda intended, Hardhome was a massacre, not a battle.  The real downside to BotB was just the predictable nature of the Vale ride in.  They kinda shot themselves in the foot with Littlefinger talking to Sansa in Mole's town.  If you edit that scene out, show the knights going to Winterfell when you have the scene with Petyr and Robyn earlier on, show Sansa writing a letter that isn't obvious to who, and you would have had enough tension where the ride in would have been maybe not less predictable, but more dramatic.
I feel like rains of castamere was better written but BotB was just shot so well.   
I agree, the cinematography in this episode was amazing.
This.\n1. Rains of Castamere\n2. Hardhome\n3. Battle of the Bastards
3 Battle of the Wall  4. Battle of Kings Landing 5. Battle of the B's.\n\n
Your house is dead, Bolton
Part of why I enjoyed Rains of Castamere more. Everytime a Bolton was on screen, I can't look away. RIP Roose & Ramsey - Atleast we have the hounds left. Technically they have Bolton blood in them.
Classic Bolton.\n
That was more of a massacre really
[deleted]
exactly it wasn't much of a battle, which is why I liked BoB better
It was not a battle..it was a massacre
Same could be same about last night.  I don't know that there are enough men left in Westeros to fight the Night King at this point.
I may get downvoted for this, but I actually liked BotB way more than Hardhome. \n\nThe shots, the directing, the despair. The looks on their faces. Hardhome was great don't get me wrong, but it wasn't as epic in terms of a battle. There were some great scenes and it was a great moment, but BotB was a fucking BATTLE. You could really feel yourself in the moment. \n\nWith Hardhome, I was watching an amazing battle on my tv. With BotB I was living an amazing battle on my tv.
Yep, what made BotB that great was the directing, but there were also lots of astounding shots. And well, I don't consider BotB an epic battle. The scene where Jon Snow got engulfed by both armies is precisely the way of telling that this episode was everything but epic.\n\nIf there's a word that describes this battle, I'd say visceral and yes, I love visceral scenes. 
I'm going to throw a vote in for The Watchers on the Wall. Hardhome was visually spectacular and does a fantastic job of showing how fucked everyone is, but The Watchers on the Wall was unrelenting and exciting from start to finish. Both were noticably better than this episode.
To me Hardhome felt more like a zombie attack scene than a battle. It was like a scene from a horror movie with a few fights mixed in.
Hardhome was a good episode, but the battle was just *another fucking zombie chase scene.*\n\nZombies aren't only overused as hell, they are fucking boring. They create a completely undynamic type of battle where one side is just a bunch of meat robots, reducing the battle to a pointless meatgrinder. Compare it to BoB's formations, psychological play, heroism and realistic combat, and it's not even a competition.
Yep, I could be partly agree with you, but BotB had some flaws in its narrative. I don't know if 6x10 would solve those (most of them are about Sansa and her role with the Knights of the Vale), but I felt that the battle could've been far greater than what we saw on Monday.
Yeah I remember thinking \"oh shit it's happening, they're doing it, winter is here!\"
> \"exactly like everyone expected\"\n\nEveryone who spends time on internet forums dedicated to picking apart and analyzing every detail of every episode, yes.
Additionally, surprises shouldn't be the measure of quality. This was an incredibly well written and mesmerizing episode.  One of the best battles ever filmed. \n\nPlus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. 
The opposite actually. All the obvious things that required no picking apart or analysing happened. All the picking apart and analysing led to speculation of Umbers being secretly Stark loyalists and Shaggydog still being alive. But everything pretty much played out exactly how it looked like it was going to play out.
AKA the logical development of the story.
bullshit.\n\nyou don't have to read the sub to know the cliches they've used, you just have to know enough of these kinds of stories.
it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute, there didn't need to be a discussion for that
Never thought I'd say this but... the fella that calls himself BeardMilk is right!
This. I suspected alot of what happened in this episode (not everything though), but my SO who has never read any predictions or theories had no clue what would happen, except for little finger saving the day.
Nah, the outcome was pretty obvious even if you don't follow it online.\n\nThink about it. Jon Snow isn't going to die again anytime soon. Ramsay would never hand over a hostage without doing something to them. The show has been hinting at Little Finger and the Vale's army all season. Ramsay would never let them retreat so that means Jon is going to win. The line about his dogs being hungry, but never showing the dogs is totally a [Checkhov's gun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) situation. You knew the dogs would eat at some point in the episode.
No, it was fairly predictable for anyone willing to think even a little about the next episode. Dany comes back with her dragon right as Mereen is hopelessly under siege after all attempts at peace have been made, so obviously she's going to lay waste to their army with her dragons. The title of the episode makes it clear that Jon and Ramsey's armies are going to fight, and of course Ramsey was going to die in this episode. Jon wasn't ever at risk because you can't revive a character just to immediately kill them off again. We knew Littlefinger would be coming because the show already told us he was mobilizing the Aerie's troops toward Winterfell. Rickon has never been important to the story, so of course he was going to die. Since they were at the same campsite Stannis used, it was a given Davos would stumble across some evidence of what happened to Shireen.\n\nThe show put everything perfectly into place before setting off the dominoes, so it was very easy to see how things were going to unfold.
Come on, you're giving people far too little credit.\n\nSansa had met with Littlefinger, then written an extremely obvious letter. She then starts acting all coy and weird, so it's obvious he's gonna swoop in and win the day.\n\nSansa literally says ~5 minutes before the battle that Rickon is as good as dead.\n\nJon stands solo against cavalry, and lives. Tormund lives. Davos lives. Sansa lives. They retake Winterfell. Ramsay dies. \n\nSaying that it didn't go exactly as expected is really giving a lot of people a huge disservice. The internet picking apart brigade immediately settled on what happened as the baseline, and THEN started considering theories of what twists could possibly happen, or who they might kill off.\n\nIt's being telegraphed far, far too hard. The show is starting to lose suspense. When Arya was stabbed, there was no suspense because of course she lives. There are lots of little things like that.\n\nI also feel like the season finale has already been spoiled at this point due to how heavy the telegraphing has been. I'll put it in spoiler tags out of courtesy.\n\n[S6E10 Speculation](#s \"So far this season, we've had two hints, and one outright slam-in-our-face confirmation of it. Bran's vision showed a huge green explosion. Cersei asks Qyburn how much is down there, and he says \"Much more\" or something along those lines. Then last episode, we have Tyrion explain in detail that there's a huge cache of Wildfire underneath Kings Landing, specifically highlighting one of those areas as The Great Sept of Baelor, which just so happens to be the location of Cersei's trial.  \nThe first two are really nice subtle hints for the analysts. The third one is \"If you hadn't got it already, there's a huge cache of wildfire underneath the great sept of Baelor that Cersei knows about now.\" There's also Dany's vision in the house of black and white of the destroyed throne room, which again is a good hint. But they've over telegraphed it, and Tyrion's highlighting of it all is too much. It's at the stage now where a couple of casual show watcher friends have figured it out. I don't think anyone figured out the Red Wedding if they hadn't read the books, even though it's hinted at a decent amount beforehand in the show.\")
That's why I stay away from this subreddit before big episodes happen.. It sucks not trying to piece things together in your own mind and just having people guess every possible outcome.
It's also almost like a series of books/TV episodes has been building up to this moment/episode. Of course we know most of what was going to happen - they've specifically been setting it up. Littlefinger's arrival, Ramsay manipulating Snow into fighting on his terms etc.\n\nThe show had two choices: Jon Snow wins, Jon Snow loses. In any other show it would have been painfully obvious, but anyone who says they didn't think there was any chance Ramsay would win is just lying to themselves. I've seen complaints saying \"GoT just caved and became like every other show where the good guy wins.\" It would be even more predictable if the good guy *never won* which GoT was really in danger of becoming.
Nah
it only took the average viewer 5mins to see littlefigner ex machina coming, amazing cinematography or not\n
My internet illiterate parents rolled their eyes at the writing. It was predictable to a T, the only good writing in the episode was Yara eye fucking Danaerys, the rest was just stock low fantasy tropes shot really really well.
Honestly everything going as expected was somewhat refreshing. The show has scarred me so much that the whole time I was just sitting waiting for something to go horribly wrong. For Jon or Tormund to die in battle. For Ramsay to have something else up his sleeve. Having the characters you want to cheer for win, solidly, is something that rarely happens and felt so damn good to see finally. I fully expect things to fall apart next week, but even just a temporary satisfaction is worth it.
This this this.  I was noticeably uneasy by all the moments during the episode where I thought 'Hmmmm, things are going WELL'\n\nAlways preceded by moments when I thought for sure Jon was a goner.  Dodging arrows after Rickon's death... that moment where it looks like he's about to be trampled by the cavalry... the moment where he does get trampled and nearly suffocates... the arrow that finishes Wun Wun.
yes it was predictable. But what people often dont understand is that this is a good thing. The GoT universe is so well done that we here on reddit with enough time and opinions can pretty much predict the most things. That shows the qualty of game of thrones. Of course some surprises are nice (and hell we actually got enough surprises) but using predicatble as a qualtiy measurment in a negative way doesnt seem right (atleast not in got)
It was predictable, but I was still on the edge of my couch the whole time. My body was literally shaking, my heart was thumping out of my chest, and I'm pretty sure I had an anxiety attack during the crush sequence. I can't think of anything I've ever watched, tv or film, that gave me such an intense, visceral physical reaction. Loved every second of it. 
Overly predictable? What else could have happened?
Go watch M Night if all you care about are twists.
Yea, it was predictable.  But a story shouldn't be judged by how unpredictable it is.  An episode can be predictable, but with incredible delivery, it just doesn't matter, i.e. last night's episode.
You know what didn't play out like we expected?  Arya and the Waif.\n\nDo you want that instead?  Do you want more sand snakes?  These are the things absolutely no one expected.
I'm sad that it was as obvious as it was. Literally told the person I was texting \"littlefinger rides in like gandalf\" queue that happening. Also sad that Ramsay died, I would have enjoyed seeing him be released by littlefinger for more games.
But here's the thing. Was it predictable? In a typical sense, yes! Absolutely. But both the book and show played with tropes of people you'd think would have plot armor until you find out they don't in the worst way. Both have shown that they can pull out the rug from under you at any time, so while yes we knew LF would come, rickon would die and the Stark loyalists were grossly outmanned and would lead to a LF SAVES THE DAY SITUATION, any of those things could not have happened and it would be believable in the context of the show. Even down to Jon dying, even that wouldn't have been bullshit thrown in for shock value. It played with the tropes it managed to destroy to create new tropes that last nights episode played with
I agree that an episode \"playing out as expected\" can detract from its overall rating. However, if you were anything like me, you were an absolute nervous wreck the whole show. I suspected it to end how it did but after almost six seasons I honestly had no true idea how it would end. I was quite certain Ramsay would die and Starkes to take over but I didn't know who else would also die.\n\nFirst I actually got nervously excited for a 1 v 1 battle, didn't happen. Then I got nervous, no, I actually came to terms with Johns death as the Bolton Calvary charged. I felt hope fade away and acceptance of this honorable death, I thought there was no way his army was close enough to save him; didn't happen. Then I thought John might actually get trampled to death (which was starting to make me angry but wouldn't put it past the writers to show how fucked war is) and that shot had me gasping for air; he didn't die then either. Add in my constant nervousness about what exactly Ramsay was going to do each time he showed up. \n\nJust because a show ends up how you expected, I would argue, doesn't mean it's writing and execution don't warrant it a high rating. I say this because that seems to be the consensual criticism of this episode. I was absolutely moved and stunned by last nights episode more than I ever had been in the show. To me; it was the greatest battle scene ever shot. It was like Lord of the Rings (several homages I felt throughout) but more realized and much grittier.
Red weddings certainly top 5 for me, and if i'd not read the books, it could easily be top. 
Yeah BotB had a lot more depth of story, but hard home's shock and awe left a deeper impression 
Thanks, I was worried for a minute there
*ejaculates uncontrollably*
Where in the world are there still video stores? 
Small towns 
The ghetto
HMV/Virgin store?
Movie trading company
... I love Scarecrow Video in Seattle. They have a lot of OOP and hard-to-get foreign titles.
IMDB is good but you have to give the score time to settle out. There is a lot of overshoot initially. 
Oh yeah totally. Even after the settling out period I have a sense they retain a bit of overshoot. Some of your older movies never had the initial fanboy brigade to start off with. Hasn't prevented Shawshank or whatever doing well though I guess.
I agree with that, I see some very questionable films at 80% on Rotten Tomatoes and great ones at <50%. Imdb is the more reliable score, can't speak for metacritic.
You just gotta be aware of the curve. Imdb score of 5 is basically 0. While 8.5 is a perfect 10.
RT used to be the absolute best. These days you have to take everything with a giant grain of salt.
Where did you get a time machine???
Bran describes the covers for me. Also there is one left in the next town over that has become half a tobacconist and they bundle and lend new release movies for 2 days so it's like ~5 times cheaper than a movie vending machine so I make sure I swing by when I'm there running errands and rip whatever I hire.
I does not always agree with the IMDB score but when I don't the margin of \"error\" is usually much smaller than with Rotten Tomatoes.\n\nAlso, RT's main score is what percentage of people thought the movie was okay. Useful for some I'm sure, but I want to know how good a movie is.\n\nThe fact that IMDB is a movie database at it's core is also great since when I've seen a good movie I want to know all about it's production, actors, writers, directors etc.
Honestly I just don't see the point in RT when there is IMDB... More accurate more info. The only reason I'd go to RT is to see a shitty movie with a \"splat\" next to it and some schadenfraude.
Anything over 7.0 might be decent but rating shows, movies or episodes depending on what rating they have, ESPECIALLY the ones above 7.8, is inaccurate as fuck. It's all just hype, trying to buff up the score by giving it a 10, or the opposite and giving it a 1. Using IMDB rating in any kind of argument of what episode is best, or even hinting at it having some kind of value in a discussion, like OP has done, in my opinion is pointless.
Hrm. Whilst I agree that it shouldn't be treated as any kind of final arbiter about a 8.5 movie being definitely better than an 8.3 movie I can't agree that you can't \"hint it has some kind of value in a discussion\" that's going a 50 miles too far in the other direction. It's no more hype than RT and is more accurate as when you hype or punish it's not just an up or down. I think it has some value in a discussion once you give it a few months to settle down. Obviously not mere hours after the episode went live and OP is helping brigade.
What's your problem with metacritic?
It weights scores based on how famous etc the people reviewing it are... Which er... Isn't what I'm after. If I wanted that I'd listen to the critics I knew had the same tastes as me. I can't say I've found Metacritic to be overly reliable but I will admit I haven't given it the chance maybe it deserved after I hit scores I didn't agree with to contextualise what a 60 there means vs a 60 on RT vs 6 on IMDB etc.
[deleted]
I trust IMDB from HUNDREDS of watching experiences. If there is nothing good there i'll even go 6.7-6.9 and be ok. Anything over 7.5 is usually really good. I don' think I've ever come home and watched a movie and gone \"IMDB lied to me\".. Not in the they said it would be good but sucked way.. maybe the other way \"hey that 6.0 movie wasn't bad at all\". I see dumb shit on RT all the time as it seems easier to punish a movie there.
Metacritic is awful since they weight different people and critics differently, Rotten Tomatoes also has some very weird ratings e.g. https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/1017699-robin_hood/
I don't trust Rotten Tomatoes.\n\nhttps://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/sharknado_2013/
**50% FOR ARGUABLY THE GREATEST ANIMATED DISNEY MOVIE EVER?** That is some shit.
Wow, I've never seen this Robin Hood rating. Bizarre
>I actually worked for a neuroscientist who studied all these different ratings sites.  He found that IMDB was the most accurate.\n\nMost accurate in what sense?
Most accurate predictor of quality.  I don't remember the specifics that well, but I'll see if I can find the work.
What a load of Bollocks.
That's just what told me dude.  His name was Pascal Wallisch.  I linked his blog somewhere else in the thread.  He was a little eccentric.
No you didn't 
Believe what you want but I'm not going to link my CV on reddit.  The scientist's name was Pascal Wallisch at NYU\n\nEDIT: here's the patent where he did the work I think (but again it was a long time ago) https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2008073633
Because it is...
Exactly. The last episode 'No One' was probably the most unpredictable episode so far this season. Barely anyone predicted that Arya would have actually been that dumb.
Or that a six-year-long training montage would end with \"okay I'm leaving goodbye.\"
After 6 seasons if we aren't able to predict some things, I'd call us terrible fans.
I can't agree with this enough!
That's the line this show has always been trampling on. This show has messed with expectations from the beginning. The only thing left that would be surprising is the heroes succeeding and getting a good resolution. And then this episode happened. 
All these years of having the heroes lose doesn't pay off until the heroes win. They needed a win to keep the show interesting and episode 9 was maybe the greatest win I could think of. \n
[deleted]
Exactly what I was like. I kept checking the time on the episode. The less time left the more I wondered if he was coming at all.
I agree completely, hearing all the people talk about not wanting LF and the Vale soldiers to show up because it was predictable and instead wanting Howland Reed or Jamie Lannister show up as a 'twist'... Its fuckin st00pid, its exactly how you described it, a 'twist' that comes at the cost of decent writing.\n\nOf course LF and the Vale would show up, yes its predictable, that doesn't make it bad.
You're using a bit of a strawman here. People saying it was predictable and flawed aren't saying they want super big M Night Shamylian style twists. \n\nIt was flawed because there were lots of ways for that arc to end, and instead of an interesting one, we got the most obvious story of wish fulfillment. Ramsey could have lost the loyalty of his men, or they could have had Stark loyalists sabotage the Bolton camp. Basically anything other than \"run at them! Oh no we're losing, how could we have avoided this? Oh wait yay the Knights of the Vale are here just in time!\"\n\nNot to mention that the battle seems like it was either directed and written by people with minimal understanding  medieval warfare, or the participants in the fight were not so great at fighting as an army.
I would argue it was directed and written people with extremely high knowledge of medieval warfare -- also, the participants in the fights were not so great at fighting as an army.
How did you come to the conclusion it was written by people who didn't understand medieval warfare? Honest question. It seems to me like this was the most realistic depiction of medieval warfare I have ever seen on tv.
Things can be predictable, but not like bad predictable. Like if you predict, with doubt, something will happen, then it isn't really a bad thing. But if you're just waiting for that cliche to happen, say an army that is losing is saved in the last moment by a army of horses that charge in and clear everything up? Well that is bad predictable in my opinion. So this episode while very good is far from perfect, one of the reasons is that it used one of the most common cliches when it comes last desperate battles that has an important outcome.\n\n But then again it isn't really a very bad thing. As long as you don't abuse it. Having everyone act in character is much more important for most people.
One issue I had was with how hard they telegraphed Littlefinger and the Vale coming to save the day, to the point were I was said \"about time\" when they go there. While this has been compared to Tywin showing up at the end of Blackwater, the difference is that him showing up wasn't really telegraphed. It was hinted at by him leaving Harrenhall like 2-3 episodes earlier (correct me if I'm wrong) without giving us an obvious hint of where they were going. Same with Stannis. He left Dragonstone for the wall like 5 episodes before watchers on the wall and we didn't hear from him until he showed up in the North. They planted it early on. With littlefinger, the show pretty much told us with Sansa's letter that he would arrive at the last minute.\n\nSaying all that, I loved this episode and think it's a top 3 episode of the series.
I'll add it to the list. I have a lot of catching up to do.
Same with Lord of the Rings.\n\nPredictable doesn't mean bad. A lot of us knew the Red Wedding was going to happen. That didn't make the episode any less horrifying. 
Most people liked Empire better though, and in large part due to a surprising twist...\n\nBad example?  :)
No, because liking something better because of a twist has no bearing on liking something else that doesn't have a twist.\n\n
Yeah, but people don't watch it for the plot.
There is plenty valid points that have been made about poor writing so you have to admit you are presenting a bit of a biased standpoint there.\n\nA series is great because it's well made with few mistakes, greatness doesn't mean you just look past mistakes.
It's entertainment. If we weren't here bitching we'd have to pay attention to our lives.
Not me, to avoid that I just bitch about reddit.
It gets really tiring to see the same discussion over and over again over nitpicky details that may as well be expanded upon next episode (see: Sansa's motivation). You can just tell people are copypasting and rephrasing the same arguments in every single thread.\n\nAnd people get so instantly hyperbolic. One bad thing ruins an entire episode and characters reacting realistically with realistic flaws are instantly hated.
It's not constructive criticism. It's people looking for something to bitch about, but not being able to find anything. \"Lazy writing\" is right up there with the other two phrases I mentioned that piss me off to no end. I really just need to stay off this sub until after next week's episode. People have completely lost their minds on the theory vs. reality argument.
Everyone is falling over themselves praising this show and anyone who speaks out is being heavily downvoted! All the top comments are in favor of the show!
I understand some of the criticism but damn ... Some people write paragraphs about what they did t like!! Ok so yeah that writing seemed silly now get over it! It's not anywhere close to bad as the walking dead so I don't understand the hate
Those three weren't that bad. Man. 
9.9? That is a pretty big prediction. 
Rains of Castamere and Hardhome are both at 9.9 still.  
still at 10/10 with 25k votes get BTFO
It's at 10/10 at 30k votes right now 
It's not impossible. I myself rate this episode equal to Ozymandias in Breaking Bad and that one has 10/10 with 70k votes.
Update: 21,000 votes with a 10 still
Almost 38000 and still 10.0
Over 20k now and still 10/10
48,508 votes and still 10/10.
it says 10/10 but the actual average vote is 9.83... not sure how imdb counts those things.
[Ozymandias](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2301451/) from Breaking Bad is still at a 10.0 after over 70k votes
Well, fuck me I guess. 
It helps that this being posted here directly gives people the direct link to give it a 10 rating.
shhhhh he'll catch on! 
With 10k votes, No One is down to 8.2/10. While Battle of the Bastards has 14k votes and still holding a 10/10.
27k votes in, still a 10/10. 
32K VOTES AT 10/10
31k votes and still 10/10, not bad
34k and still at 10 as of 3:27EST. 
40+K now, still 10/10
>This episode has it after 8,000.\n\nAfter it was posted to reddit and facebook specifically talking about votes.
That happened to the door. It lost a lot recently because of a large effort to drop it.
The Door has simply fallen from a 9.8 to a 9.7. A very small drop I think.
Well it didn't really work considering it's still the 4th highest rated episode. 
you don't know imdb. At a certain amount of votes, things rarely stay close to 10
It will stay high for this episode. Rains of Castamere and Hardhome are still 9.9 after over 40K votes.
I don't know why you are getting downvoted. This is what happens with every popular movie and TV show on IMDB. 
[deleted]
12,811 10 ratings and counting at the moment
That's with under a 1000 ratings though. Happens with movies as well. This is however at 15,000 at the moment. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2301451/
For me it shows 10 in 11,276 votes. :)
Showing 10 in 25,812 votes now ... \n
Here it's showing 10 with 88.201 VOTES! How did it get so much votes in such a short time period?
People aren't angry with the lack of battle scenes, they're angry with the bad writing. Lots of good moments, but the stuff in Braavos was pretty confusing, Arya taken by surprise by the assassins she just fled from etc. But yeah, people might be hating a bit to much, I agree.
Arya being taken by surprise by the assassins she fled from was the episode before.  People just came up with all sorts of absurd theories to try to explain it that \"No One\" disproved.  Honestly, I think half the hate for the episode comes from people people expecting things (some justified, some not) that weren't there.\n\nIf it had been earlier in the season and not episode 8, and people hadn't gotten themselves hyped up for things like Cleganebowl or Arya faceswap shenanigans, I think it eoupd have been seen as a perfectly average episode.  Nothing special, but not terrible.
This episode has bad writing(and a few choices which probably fell to the director) as well, except this episode didn't focus on writing it focused on the battle. The episode with Arya focused on writing as did the whole Arya story even tho at end all together made little sense. (Probably GGRM wouldn't tell them what happens in the books so they had no idea what to do with it on show). All they could do was put Arya at the point she is suppose to be when she goes back to Westeros so that they can continue to use her as a character in the show.\n\nIt is obvious that without following the books the show's writing is just not up to par but instead they have all the pay off theories/battles they can do and directors like this one can deliver  the epicness.
The battle itself was great, but there were moments of bad writing with Sansa and the Knights of the Vale. In my opinion, playing more with that element would have given the arrival of Littlefinger and company the best outcome possible.
The previous episode had a chase scene that looked like made by someone that knows as much about directing chase scenes as me.
The entire Arya arc culminated in nothing. She suffered multiple stab wounds and was basically fine the next day after sleep/bandages. Her getting stabbed in the first place was asinine, and out of character. Basically, the entire faceless God arc turned out to be meaningless filler and that annoyed a lot of people.  
Honestly I think some ppl get upset when their particular tinfoil theory doesn't pan out
That may be valid for some fans, but this is dismissive of a variety of reasons that ep received criticism. Personally I came in expecting little but still ended up disappointed -- aryas storyline failing to deliver after two years a satisfying payoff, little emotional resonance, a very cheesy terminator chase scene that felt out of style with the universe of GoT, and poor, contrived dialogue like \"finally a girl is no one\" really brought down the episode for me.
I didn't buy into the tinfoil theory but I was still pretty upset by the episode. I watched the episode, disliked it, then checked this subreddit if other's disliked it too..\n\n\n
The writing was poor. Could care less for an actual battle scene.
No, GoT is a show you watch for the battle scenes (although episodes like Blackwater, Hardhome and now BoB are some of the highest rated in the entire show, although that's because of the stakes being quite high in those episodes more than anything else), and that makes it good or bad. Last episode was a bit crippled by some bad writing, particularly with Arya. \n\nAt least she's actually going to hopefully do something now, instead of doing was feels like basically nothing for 2 seasons. 
Are we watching the same series? Arya has one of the most interesting arcs in the series in my opinion. She went from being a noble to peasant to assassin apprentice. 
\"come at me bro\"
Honestly though, I'm super biased as well I think, but most episodes with parts not set anywhere in the North are generally worse than those in the North. It has the most exciting plot and characters usually. We have some good other stories again this season though I think with the hound and Jamie finally doing things. And it took Dany 6 seasons but she finally had some excitement. 
I think it's because we know the North is where the real fight will be taking place. Everything else is just politics until the Night King decides to make his big move. The North is the endgame.
Hardhome was so unexpected. There was hype for thia
The best part about Hardhome was that guest actress they had.  Lord, she was probably my favorite character on the show.  RIP.
Karsi. Now I'm imagining how badass she would have been in this battle. Shame she had to go and tell her kids she'd be right back. No one comes back from that. 
Her, Jamie and Euron -- all played by Danes. Glad to see some viking representation
We may see her next episode near the Wall, don't be so pessimistic...
Yeah considering all the hype, this episode left me a tad underwhelmed...But seeing how I expected nothing from Hardhome, I guess that made it one of the greatest episodes of all time.  \n\n\n\nThe sheer amount of uncertainty, the way things were unfolding, that was one of the only times I was uncertain any of the characters were gonna survive.
Battle of the Bastard was chocolate ice cream, Hardhome was vanilla with chocolate swirl. Both really delicious, but I prefer vanilla with chocolate swirl.\n\nRains was strawberry, which I normally don't like, but this time it was really good.
The sound production was huge on why it was so good, no wonder it won an Emmy for that ep
TADA DA DADA
\"Target acquired\"
It's a visual metaphor for the fans chasing Maisie when they see her on the street.
Well, we've never seen this kind of representation of battle it was extremely brutal with tons of bodies pilling up a main character getting drowned in his own men. The only stereotypical thing were the knights of the vale but the rest of the battle was something that i at least haven't seen before and it was amazing
It was basically the Saving Private Ryan of GoT with all the grittiness.
He was a good commander until he let his emotions get the better of him. If your little brother was gunned down in front of you, good luck keeping your composure in the heat of the moment. \n\nHe's smart but young and emotional. We all know that already.
You should not be downvoted for a valid oppinion. When Jon charged like a blind idiot the battle was immediately lost and the way it had to end was extremely obvious. The only real tension in the battle was wether major characters will die or not.
Oh, I don't mind being down-voted. We all saw the episode, I'm comfortable with my take on it. But thanks. :)
Jon had a wlel thought out plan. It was just that Ramsay was a better manipulator and when he managed to successfully create a scenario where jon would lose his emotions, then the battle turned into a slaughter
Are you saying it was unpredictable? Come on man, it was well directed cliches from start to finish. The last second arrow through Rickon, Jon's ridiculous plot armour in battle where he seemed to survive through pure luck, the last second arrival of Littlefinger and co when the Starks were about to lose, Sansa killing Ramsey etc.
I completely agree. Very well directed, and that slowly-tightening encirclement was pretty spectacular, but it was nothing but clich\u00e9s - all the ones you mentioned, plus at the end when Jon and Ramsay meet and Ramsay is firing arrows at Jon *while Jon's soldiers stand around and just watch* because it wouldn't be climatic enough if one of those soldiers just did what they're supposed to do, defend their leader, and shot Ramsay.\n\nIt will be interesting to hear the writers justify Sansa keeping that whole correspondence with Littlefinger secret for some reason, much less Littlefinger being able to sneak an entire army on to the battle field without Jon or Ramsay's scouts knowing anything.
I think it would've been so much better if it wasn't the vale that came, but the other lords. They've mentioned the Manderly's so much this season that it really fucked me over when it wasn't them that came to the rescue
I don't give a fuck. I had the biggest shit eating smile on my face when Jon was beating the absolute shit out of Ramsey that was only eclipsed when Ramsey was eaten by his dogs.\n\nI don't care if it wasn't perfect. That made it all worth it.
It was a good episode cinematically but from a story point and character development it just failed. What it did really well was make everyone look past story and characters by having a huge action sequence and having Ramsay brutally murdered like everyone wanted. Appearantly that's enough to get a 10/10 episode rating.
These people deserve AIDS.
A lot of people had the same issue. HBO needs better servers. 
I cannot agree with you more.\nI still remember my initial reaction to Rains of Castamere, staying still and not being able to comprehend what had just happened and Hardhome, the silent gaze of Jon as the white walkers stood up..masterpiece !\nWhat great, great episodes they truly were !
Can't. For some reason they're really full...
To be honest, that's a pretty good point. Not to take away from the episode or anything, but why didn't Ramsay just shoot Jon snow lol
Not really Ramsay's style, quick deaths.
Jon's just a man whereas Wun Wun was a giant. Ramsey always thought he had the advantage over Jon, even while he was launching arrows at him. I'd say he still thought he could escape up till the point where he realised his dogs were no longer loyal.
Yeah it was a bit weird, but I don't think Ramsay expected Jon to ditch his sword and two hand a shield. He started panicking at that point. Jono my boy just too smart for Ramsay.
He shoots Jon, then he has a bunch of arrows rain down on him, and he loses. His only chance is to beat Jon in a fair fight.\n\nAlso, Wun-Wun was a bigger threat to Ramsay than Jon. Wun-Wun could rip Ramsay in half, Ramsay thought he could kill Jon before Jon got to him.
If I had to guess, Ramsey shooting Wun Wun in the eye is probably another one of his taunts at Jon. Sort of like how he used Rickon to lure Jon into the open. He could have easily shot an arrow into Jon, however his goal was to psychologically mess with him instead.
Ramsay was over-confident, and thought he could beat Jon in a fair fight. 
If he had shot Jon, it was insta-death for him an instant later. He was surrounded by wildling archers. Instead, he goads Jon into a 1v1 situation, in which case he at least has a chance they'll take him prisoner, which they actually do. He would have survived even further if it weren't for Sansa. The Roose warned him not to mistreat her, and in the end it was his undoing. That is clever writing, but people tend to focus on face value and stop there. 
He tried\u2014he shot like four arrows at Jon's shield.  Wun-wun probably seemed like a more present threat than Jon at that moment.
Meh if he shot Jon Snow he would just have been resurrected later anyways. This way he killed a fucking GIANT.
Because Jon was having a moment with Wun Wun and he wanted to take that away from him. Regardless...that one thing doesn't make it a one star episode.
I thought it was ramsay rationionalziing that he could take Jon in a 1v1 but not wun wun. 
Because again we know that Ramsay is cruel to a fault. He wants to see Jon suffer and lose loved ones. He's overly confident that he'll be able to simply kill Jon right afterwards. 
My eyes feel purified. I feel reborn.
Thank you for introducing me to that sub. 
People think they are Roger fucking Ebert for openly disliking something that most people love.
Was it the logical route to have Littlefinger and co turn up exactly as they were about to lose the battle? That along with Sansa killing Ramsey, the last second arrow, Jon's plot armour in battle... So any cliches.
Yes, it was the logical route. If LF had shown up at the start, it'd be a short ass anti-climactic episode. \n\nRamsey killed Wun Wun instead of Jon, because he wanted to fight Jon one on one. I don't see why people keep picking at that. If he killed Jon, there's still like 10,000 enemy soldiers in his castle.\n\nYou guys are so jaded if you're sad about things being \"expected\" this episode. It was wonderful and a landmark for TV cinematography. 
  Literally, no.
Fun fact: the definition of literally was actually changed to include to mean figuratively as well!\n\nI actually hated it at first, but it's growing on me.
Jon wins the battle, but only because Littlefinger shows up at the exact right moment.\n
Exactly.  This basically rendered all the planning irrelevant.\n\nAnd for whatever reason Sansa just decides to not tell anyone about it, even though it could have saved thousands of lives and changed the entire course of the war.
Yes, how convenient. The series seems to be relying more and more on characters showing up at the exact right moment to get another out of trouble.
  The point was that ramsay had a plan , he worked it and it worked well. No Littlefinger and Jon and every man there would die.\n\n What is your point? That since Ramsay got killed, jons inability to control his zombie emotions was excusable. His blowing the plan was OK?
The point is that this series has generally been good about not shielding characters from the consequences of their actions. In fact, that's what sets GoT apart from other shows. But these last two episodes felt like something out of a basic cable drama, where the good guys can behave in all manner of stupid and still win in the end.
So long as we get the punchline to the donkey in the brothel joke...  tenouttaten
Jon's survival was almost entirely due to his incredible ability to dodge arrows, would be my main complaint. He behaved like an absolute idiot, tactically. 
My take on the arrow dodging ability is due to the Lord of Light's plans with Jon. He didn't bring back Jon just to die to an arrow barrage.
If it wasn't arrows, it would be something else. If you're front line, you generally ain't surviving that shit in any film/scene without plot armour, it's just a case of how well they execute it all, and in that sense, it was a complete success.
Then again, there are stories of survival against greater odds for some men throughout history. \n\nI like that 'luck' or 'the God(s)' is partially responsible for his survival. 
It's almost like he has changed since he died
I dont want to be that guy, I did love the episode, but it was entirely predictable with few genuine twists. Compare it to the Battle of the Blackwater where it genuinely seemed it could've gone either way, we had multiple characters tackling challenges and some jaw dropping twists. This episode was definetly the best shot though.\n\nEdit: to anyone who might criticise this comment read my reply to Holken42 [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/4owx3o/s6e9_battle_of_the_bastards_is_currently_the/d4hrrug)
Personally, I hate how the lack of an unexpected plot twist is damning for so many people.  Not every major climax nerds a plot twist.  Sometimes it's okay for something to happen as expected, and it can still be awesome.\n\nAlso, there was still plenty of tension in the episode.  There were moments where I was worried something unexpected would happen.  Sure, in the end, there weren't many deaths and the outcome was what people expected, but that doesn't change the tension I felt while watching it.\n\nYeah, big twists like Red Wedding or battles where you don't know who's going to win are great.  That doesn't mean this episode wasn't amazing too.  It wasn't the best episode ever from a story standpoint, but that's fine.  It had the best action scenes in the series, in my opinion.\n\nThe big thing that puts this one above Hardhome for me, personally, is the emotion if the fight scenes.  Hardhome's fight was huge and epic and unexpected, but it wasn't emotional for me.  Just lots of action.  But scenes like the Rickon scene, the cavalry charge, the crush scene, and the 1v1 fight were more than just action scenes, there was emotion in them.
I'd rate this as being better than Blackwater, mainly because as a book reader the show has never really surprised me completely. With this episode I genuinely didn't know what to expect and I think a lot of people felt the same
Considering how GoT is it really wasn't predictable. It was very easy to see Jon dying again. If it was any other show it would've been predictable but not this one.
[deleted]
I might like the Blackwater better because I like both combatants better than the combatants in the Battle of Bastards, but the bastard battle was much better done. Plus Blackwater had Bronn and the Hound which are both pretty much universal fan favorites. 
I understand that this is GOT and twists are a big part of it, but that is not all that makes something good. I am comparing it to LOTR. Most of it was predictable enough, but the writing, acting, cinematography and battle sequences are amazing. 
Honestly, I think it only seemed that way cause we knew the battle was happening long before it did, and the side we wanted to win actually did. It's hard to make a twist stick if the good guys win.  \n\nBlackwater, Stannis, Hardhome, the good guys all lost.
The genuine twist was that there were no twists. Which is rare for GOTS
Who cares if there isn't a twist? For fuck a sake guys.. you guys are gonna make the show jump the shark because \"MORE TWISTS NOW!!\".\n\nThe show can take the logical road sometimes. That makes it better. It's a variety of elements, not just nonstop twists.
Grin reciting their oath before the giant still gives me chills
The twist is that the good guys won.
[deleted]
The problem with 'Predictability' in this show is that people get a bit too complacent and comfortable with their ideas and theories until they are completely proven wrong. I know I've heard loads of people going \"But what if X doesn't happen after all and instead Y happens?\" And become nervous. Sure, all turned out well for our characters, but not every episode has to be Rains of Castamere or Baelor, eventually the heroes have to win one or two. And thats what this episode, nay, this entire season, was all about; the Payoff.
Not as good as Hardhome, maybe a little better than the Blackwater 
I want to preface this by saying I did kind of enjoy the episode despite all the writing flaws, which is a testament to the absolutely amazing directing in the battle. However...\n\n1) Dany flying into the city on a dragon without any of the masters noticing. They even mention at the meeting they'll kill the dragons \"under the city\". What about that one you just saw fly into the pyramid? \n\n2) Dany coordinating drogon to fly over just as she finished her cool speech at the meeting with the masters. it's Tyrion who organises the meeting so it's not like she even knows she wants him to do it by the time he drops her off in the pyramid. \n\n3) Dany somehow coordinating the dothraki to kill the footmen just as she burns the ships. \n\n4) No-one in the north noticed Littlefinger's huge army was marching from the Vale to Winterfell? Doesn't Ramsay own the whole North?\n\n5) No-one noticed Littlefinger's huge army was literally over the hill from the massive battle? Do scouts not exist?\n\n6) Jon Snow standing in arrow fire with everyone around him getting hit while he is totally fine.\n\n7) Littlefinger's army arriving literally just in time to save everyone\n\n8) Ramsay had a clever plan, outsmarted Jon, Jon just foolishly ran at him with no plan whatsoever, then magically wins because of deus ex machina. Very un-Game of thrones\n\n9) In Winterfell, Ramsay picks up a bow and arrow and fires it at Wun wun despite all of jon's men surrounding him. No-one noticed? The camera was focused on something else so I guess not.\n\n10) Ramsay shoots an arrow at Wun wun, who is already dead, rather than Jon Snow who is standing right next to him.\n\n11) Ramsay firing off little snide comments when he's captured and had his face beaten to a pulp like some comic book villain\n\n12) Sansa wasn't at the battle when Ramsay said he hadn't fed the dogs for seven days.\n\n13) Why didn't Sansa tell anyone she was getting Littlefinger's army?\n\n14) Where did everyone think Sansa was going when she went to meet up with Littlefinger's army?\n\nThere's some things of the top of my head. There's definitely more. There were just so many scenes where if I'd saw them years ago in some other show I would think \"Man, game of thrones would have done that so much better\". It just feels so sloppily written now.
1) Who says they didn't notice? They seem completely unsurprised to see her, I would say they *did* know that she entered the city. They're not wrong that there are dragons under the pyramids, they never said those were the only dragons. \n\n2) In the books they do a better job of explaining that the Dragon and the Dragon-rider share a telepathic link. I think they allude to this in the show quite well, Dany has routinely been able to coordinate with Drogon once he accepted her at the end of Season 5. Also, it's heavily implied that Tyrion and Dany discussed their strategies and planned out the encounter with the masters, why do you think they were winging it?\n\n3) The *easy* cue would be to charge once you see me riding Drogon out over the ships. Flying out to the Khalasar and explaining that to Dario is simple.\n\n4) The Reeds control the territory south of Winterfell, in the books they were excellent at taking out stragglers and messengers, it make sense that they covered the advance of the Knights of the Vale. Also, the show has demonstrated that you can take down communication networks quite effectively just by shooting the ravens as they leave a castle. They would only need to do this for Moat Callin, which likely had no ravens anyway since the Greyjoy occupation. \n\n6) Jon wasn't the *only* one who was fine. Most people on both sides made it through the arrows. I agree that you never really think Jon is in danger of getting shot by an arrow, but plot armor is plot armor, it's not a plot hole or a writing flaw. \n\n7) The look on his and Sansa's face says that they coordinated it that way. They needed to draw out all of Ramsay's forces before the cavalry charge would make sense. I think it's likely that next episode we'll find out that Sansa and Littlefinger had been in communication and had planned to use Jon's forces as bait so the Knights of the Vale could clean up.\n\n8) Jon didn't win, Sansa did. Ramsay outplayed Jon, Sansa outplayed Ramsay. That *is* very Game of Thrones. \n\n9) They were engaged in taking out the other Bolton soldiers. The timing is perhaps convinent that Ramsay kills Wun Wun just as Jon's archers finish mopping up the Bolton forces, but that's what we see in the background and it made for both good pacing and a satisfying showdown. Sometimes good writing is more about setting up good scenes then about calculating realistic timetables for the mop-up portion of a castle invasion - and even so, they did show them being occupied until that moment. \n\n10) Ramsay believes he can still take out Jon in 1v1 combat, thereby securing his legacy, if he kills Jon he knows he'll be shot and killed with hope of escape. Killing Wun Wun not only adds \"Giantslayer\" to his list of accomplishments, but it potentially goads Jon into making bad decisions, something he proved he could do earlier that battle. \n\n11) I agree that \"they're loyal beasts\" etc seemed a little absurd, but I fault the delivery more than the writing there. I *like* the idea of Ramsay being delusional to the end, but while I liked most of his acting choices throughout the show, I thought that line should have been delivered with a bit of fear and uncertainty, not raw confidence. \n\n12) He said that in the pre-battle meeting where they discussed terms. In either case though, there's clearly a bit of time that has gone by where Jon and Sansa conversed. Having a scene where Jon debriefs everything we saw on screen with Sansa - *that* would be bad writing. They did a good enough job of showing time has passed, and Sansa asking where Ramsay was showed that she *must* have talked to Jon, so knowing what Jon knows is easily assumed. \n\n13) While annoying for those of us that wanted the best possible outcome, this shows that Sansa has learned quite a bit about \"playing the game\" and made a tough but correct call. She knew that Jon would fall into one of Ramsay's traps. Had he had the Knights of the Vale, he would have squandered them and they would have been entrapped like the rest of his army. Instead, she coordinated with Littlefinger to hold them in reserve, not giving them up to Jon's poor leadership, and waiting until the Bolton forces were engaged with the encirclement before releasing them to wreck havoc. It was a shrewed play, and imo the correct one. She sacrificed hundreds, probably thousands of wilding lives to win the North - something the Northern houses will begrudgingly (and in some cases openly) respect.\n\n14) What makes you think that she met up with Littlefinger's army? The clear assumption is that they communicated by raven. 
> It just feels so sloppily written now.\n\nAside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed, I feel like it's not \"sloppily written\" and we're just acclimated to the writing in general. Not everything has to be a surprise. It's not like the writers kept The Vale army secret in any way. I have a suspicion we'll find out what the true cost of calling in The Vale was next week. Probably Sansa marrying Littlefinger\n\nI'm not disagreeing with some of your points, but most are glib. Some points are articulated well, but they still have a negative tone to them that this episode does not deserve.
Totally agree. I was completely shocked when I saw all of the comments declaring this 'one of the best moments of TV' anyone had ever witnessed. The narrative in this show has become, somehow, both totally predictable yet also nonsensical. GRRM is such a fantastic writer, yet this season it has become painfully clear that without his material to work from GoT is a shadow of its former self.  I think once the excitement of a high-production value episode with a big battle wears off and fans have some time to reflect, we'll see people start to change their opinions. It's really sad because if you watch seasons 2-4 it reminds you how incredible the writing was, the show was filled with so many tense, high-stakes moments. 
Dany flew in at night, totally plausible she wasnt seen
Thank you, perfect summary of all the things that annoyed me about this episode. Came onto reddit expecting dissatisfaction and instead everyone is rating it as their favorite. Feels like I watched a different episode. 
I had all these problems and more. Unfortunately, this kind of stuff ruins these shows for me, and has almost ruined GoT for me as a whole.\n\nIt's a shame. They have amazing actors, sets, costumes, CG...everything really.\n\nIt's quite simply the writing. They've lost their way.
> Ramsay had a clever plan, outsmarted Jon, Jon just foolishly ran at him with no plan whatsoever, then magically wins because of deus ex machina. Very un-Game of thrones\n\nThis. GoT was all about the being good, does not mean you win, juts because you are good. You need to be clever as well. I think it is consequence of show writers having no GRRM books to work with anymore, so they just fall back to traditional TV cliche tropes, which they are used to write. \n
ya man its almost like this fantasy show with magic and zombies isn't realistic enough 
You are trying really hard to dislike this episode and i feel like you are the type of person that can never be pleased. 
You must be fun at parties. 
Rickon running a straight line to be a perfect target, Sansa not telling Jon she can get the army from the Aerie and that they should wait for them, Jon's massive plot armor protecting him from arrows or a trampling death or swordsmen on horses and not even have a minor injury.\n\nIt was a good episode but not really top ten for me since there was no tension.  We didn't really have an attachment to Rickon, even if Jon died he'd probably just get brought back.  Who didn't expect the Aerie's army to show up?\n\nThe one thing out of the ordinary I thought they were heading for was Davos killing the Red Witch and taking away a shot of Jon being revived.\n\nIt was just not great writing during this episode for anyone that pays attention.  Hardhome and many other episodes were far more impactful and amazing to me personally.
So Rickon *should* have run Serpentine, but he's just a little kid and was scared. I don't fault him for his Prometheus run.\n\nI'm actually back to being alright with Sansa not telling Jon. She knew better than \"we\" did that Jon would fuck up and get emotional, so using him and his men as bait to lure out the Bolton forces for the Knights of the Vale was the superior strategic move, even if a lot of wildings had to die for it. I do not think Jon could have been trusted with that information, as much as I wanted him to be just as good at thinking as he is at fighting. \n\nPlenty of people didn't die from the arrows, I think they did a good job of showing that they were random. *Despite* obvious plot armor, I legitimately felt scared and worried for him when he was getting trampled, there was tension for me there. \n\nI agree that we don't care about Rickon, but I was legitimately worried about Tormond, very worried about Davos, and rightfully worried about Wun Wun. \n\nI agree that the Knights of the Vale was a deus ex machina, but I was ok with it. It's not like the show routinely has the good guys win because of a surprise at the end, and it happening this time just makes me more skeptical that it'll happen next time. \n\nI still think I liked Hardhome better, but just because people are hung up on Ayra in Braavos doesn't mean the writing was bad this season. More straightforward, absolutely, but having Sansa join Littlefinger in playing Jon as well as Tyrion talking some sense into Dany were both examples of great writing. Not to mention the fantastic writing for all of Jaime's scenes in episode 8. 
I loved all of it 
So much of this episode was pointless. We establish that Jon is outnumbered, Sansa warns him that he's falling into Ramsey's trap, and Davos drops the little \"aye, but will his men fight for a man they don't respect?\"\n\nFrom an objective point, there's no way the good guys could have really won the battle, so after establishing all these little clues it would've been really nice if they're actually, you know, put to use. Despite \"don't do what he wants you to do,\" Jon basically began the battle in a suicidal charge that should've 100% led to his death (I don't mind the plot armor but it was a bit much), thus establishing that he didn't learn a single thing from Sansa's little conversation. Consequently, Ramsey's plan works flawlessly. We kept getting shots of Ramsey being a cheeky cunt hoping, \"hey maybe Davos is right, what if something happens that causes the Karstarks or Umbers to concede?\" After seeing Ramsey's complete negligence for his own men's lives, I think we could've had a change of heart which could've drastically changed the battle. Whatever happened to The North Remembers? But nope, Davos's comments were completely ignored too. \n\nI don't really care about the little things e.g. Rickon should've zig zagged, Wun Wun needed a weapon, or shit like that. The trampling shot was fantastically well done, Wun Wun's solo siege was great, Tormund's lil stabby bitey move was fucking awesome. But overall, they set up all these little clues about this battle being nearly unwinnable and made it seem like Jon might actually do something smart about it, but nope, he didn't learn a thing and essentially lost the battle for his men until surprise cavalry, the Knights of the fucking Machina roll in.
The Sansa conversation was for us to understand her motivation for keeping the Knights of the Vale form Jon. She knew enough that Jon would get played by Ramsay and that conversation is her last test of Jon. She ultimately decides that he'd squander the Knights, and so she makes the call to use Jon as bait to lure out the Boltons so her Knights of the Vale could win the battle. \n
I thought some of the dialogue towards the beginning of the episode was awkward and didn't work well
Is that a nardwuar reference? Doot doot!
I really thought he was going to be flayed, but the death needed to be something in front of Jon to toy with him and I'm going to assume that removing a person's skin takes time. 
I thought when he threw the wolf head down it would be rickon's hand, or something icky.
i also like the short clip, where after Rickon death Ramsay order his archers to shoot, and more arrow hitting his dead corpse. 
Jon lost thousands of men.  That isn't a consequence?  Do you really think Jon won't be emotionally disturbed?  Jon has blamed himself for much less in the past, Jon will be wrought with guilt and likely learn from what happened during the battle.
Wun Wun died.
Wun Wun died afterwards in Winterfell. And still a small price to pay considering the Starks had been Cannae'd by the Boltons.  
It doesn't strike me based on what I saw that anyone would talk to her or anyone else for that matter about that.
Exactly!
The happy beagle was predictable and cliche, there was no twist.
What is wrong with a cool cavalry charge? Sure it's a little deus ex machina but an acceptable one since it was heavily hinted it was going to happen...
Have you considered though that things become predictable because what makes for \"good\" television is predictable?\n\nI honestly thought Ramsey was going to win, try to burn Jon alive because he's Ramsey, and Jon was gonna be like \"sup yall, I'm a Targaryen, GLHF.\"
Well, yeah that would've been an amazing twist actually. I definitely wouldn't have expected something like that to happen... That leads nicely to my point though - unexpected stuff is awesome!\n\nAt least that's my opinion, I love massive twists that, as a viewer, I'm not able to predict. Even if they are horrific I'm still pleased because I'm not left stroking my ego whilst thinking to myself \"yes, I could've come up with that\". \n\nIt works both ways though, sometimes unexpected events come up and we think \"that's stupid, it didn't make sense\". And inversely, as you said, predictable things can, at times, be executed incredibly well - see this episode. \n\n
Because Game of Thrones is known for battles going well? Come off it
Too bad any comments on who weak the story was in both this episode or season 6 gets downvoted into the abyss. 
>bookworm trash hipster nerd with no lyfe that hates fun\n\nYou said it, not us
what i actually meant is that anyone who liked this episode is a disgusting normie who could be entertained by a red laserpoint.\n\n
You get downvoted by the same people that agreed with you after e08.
This has happened quite a bit in the history books as well. 
> Jon being magically missed by the arrows was a bit annoying but he others make sense.\n\nIt's not that absurd. Most of the arrows were shot into the entire army, and since Ramsay's was bigger he was actually shooting more of his own men than Jon's. Medieval archery squads weren't used to pick off individual warriors, they rained arrows above and hoped for the best. Plenty of people lived through it.
Yeah but there was a point where arrows rained down directly on his position, and they all landed like 6in-1ft away from him.
Haters gonna hate.
Preview gave away Davos near the pyre, but they didn't give away hunting game with Rickon, Ramsay's grinning when dying, Wun Wun dying, etc. You can argue that some of that was predictable, but still.
I believe he knew she was dead the moment he saw Melisandre solemnly enter Caste Black. He asked, and she sort of gave a sad/I failed kind of look. I don't believe he knew that Shireen, however, was burned alive until now.
Yes, however I don't think they dig that deep when writing their short descriptions. They probably meant Shireen, although he obviously knew about or at least guessed her fate.
No, he already knew she was dead, he just didn't know how she died.  Now he does.
well.. to be fair I don't think anything will top the storytelling on that episode. lol
I think story>effects so ozymandias is a masterpiece in every way. But this episode was the best thing GoT had produced in 3 seasons. 
That's how I feel. The action was fucking visceral, and I'm glad they made the battle completely horrifying and never hinted at anything heroic and glorious. (Except Wun Wun but that's okay because Wun Wun *is* a fucking hero.)\n\nHowever, I personally prefer episodes that are heavier on intrigue, plotting and politics. The battle was great but for me the payoff will be when we see how much power Sansa can actually retain and how much goes straight to Littlefinger.
I was glad that we got some politics and intrigue in Mereen, finally. This was the best Tyrion/Daenerys plotting interaction we have seen and it played out very nicely. It wasn't as deep as other stuff, but it was fruit we have been waiting to see for a long time.
I think GoT is past its prime storytelling wise so I was actually happy to be swept away in the action. 
I really think it doesn't make sense to compare them.  This was, hands-down, the best action I've ever seen in an episode of TV.  Ozymandias was some of the best storytelling.  They each did different things, and they did it very well.
\"You're the smartest man I ever met. And you're too stupid to see... He made up his mind 10 minutes ago.\"
I think he's saying that even people with double digits IQ are all Einsteins compared to the IMDB message boards, who are presumably so thick they're in single digits. 
With the arrows I'm referring to when Jon was charging alone and his horse was hit. It's absolutely absurd that he was left unscathed after that. \nAnd that was not like a clever pincer movement, they literally just turned their sides to the Starks and marched around them in a U shape. I mean unless the show is trying to make a statement at how inept Jon is as a commander and his army is as fighters it's ridiculous. They just stood there watching it happen.\n\nAnd I understand why they didn't include Ghost, but I wish they would have at least given it a line or something. \"Sansa Ghost needs to stay with you, I won't let you die,\" or something like that. 
True true. The explanation I've found for Jons luck is that Shireen was sacrificed for the victory of the Azor Ahai over the Boltons, thinking Stannis was the Azor Ahai, but instead it was for Jon. Which isn't quite how I'd like it to be but it seems plausible
I've got a better idea. How about you not extend you own enjoyment of the show to everyone else involved. If people didn't enjoy it as much as you did, you're just going to have to learn how to deal with that. The show's lost it's magic because the wizard who cultivates all the sharp dialogue and clever twists and turns is not really a factor any more. The show runners are struggling to fill in the gaps. And it's not new. I'd say 65-70% of the material over the past two seasons has really become predictable and/or sloppy. The writing is the worst culprit. This episode was well-directed, but he can only do so much with what's on the table with the script. \n\nIt's like listening to someone who isn't funny tell a joke you know is really funny, but because of the delivery, the joke doesn't work. 
I'm not a mindless follower, that's for damned sure.
Oh, good one. Abstract comments like this really show why you must be such a big fan of the show now. Lack of insight.
In what universe was that an abstraction, lmfao? Do you even know what the word abstract means?
Holy shit. Great catch! haha
I didn't catch, someone else did and I can't remember their username, they posted a gif of it.
Everyone has been praising he fight cinematography but I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time. In terms of story is was so fucking predictable and the writing was lazy. I almost turned it off at that scene were Sansa keeps yelling at Jon \"YOU DONT KNOW RAMSEY LIKE I KNOW HIM\" over and over and over. Dany surprises everyone with her dragons again. Jon magically escapes death multiple times. Nothing interesting happened this episode. Everything we thought would happen, happened. Which is fine, that doesn't make it a bad episode, but people are calling this the best episode of the season and even series. I'd give it a C-
I respect your opinion but with attitude like this, I cannot imagine you really enjoy watching Game of Thrones. 
> I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time\n\nintended, to represent the pure chaos of battle to the audience.\n\n> story is was so fucking predictable\n\nirrelevant. watch battle from Jon's pov. there's nothing predictable about it then. stop being an audience member and become part of the battle.\n\n> writing was lazy\n\nvague and easy criticism without supporting statements.\n\n> I almost turned it off at that scene\n\nsounds like you should find a hobby you prefer more?\n\n> Dany surprises everyone with her dragons again\n\nit wasn't a surprise, she arrived last ep with the dragon. was pretty clear.\n\n> Jon magically escapes death multiple times.\n\nthis is fine. first, he's a naturally talented fighter with years of experience in training and fighting for his life. second, he's being watched by the Lord of Light. that's gotta come in handy during a battle...\n\n> Nothing interesting happened this episode. \n\ni guess you're just trolling? pretty ridiculous statement to make. Dany saves her city, gets a fleet, makes new allies, forgives/forges stronger friendship/respect with Tyrion. The Starks retake Winterfell and by extension, the entire North (a Kingdom). ok, not interesting?\n\n> Everything we thought would happen, happened.\n\nno, just a small number of specific things that seem bigger deals than they are. the repercussions will play out in unexpected ways, i'm sure.\n\n> but people are calling this the best episode of the season and even series.\n\npeople are calling it (one of) the best episodes of television ever. you're on the wrong side of history, champ.
Fair enough! It's too bad that it wasn't your cup of tea.
Story-wise, this whole episode is a big redemption after all the butthurt we experienced from Ramsay.\nYou might as well comment to the part when Theon got turned into Reek \"Wow another gore for shock value\" or another piss on another episode like when the wildlings attacked the wall. Quite pointless.\n\nThe point is that's how the story goes, Jon Snow's freefolk army gets surrounded and the armies of Vale rides to save them. As well as in Danaerys' storyline, he uses the dragons and her new khalasar to take Meereen. Flying fire-spewing beasts against a wooden fleet, and a horde of mongols against the master's soldiers, that's already a definite win, considering that dragons are very agile and can survive a number of arrow shots.\n\nThe whole criteria on the film should be on how well they portrayed the scenes, and they're not lacking. Also this, \"I couldn't even seen what was going on 90% of the time\", we had a very different experience on this episode, because I'm pretty sure I followed around 90% if not more of the scenes. I believe it shows your level of comprehension. Not only that, they portrayed Jon Snow perfectly with real suspense and other elements to viewers.\n\nAnyway, the story is good as long as it's interesting and consistent (unlike Arya's belly), and so far the story keeps up to viewer's interest and the episode lived up to the hype.
Have you ever been to Reddit before? The downvote button is an \"I don't agree with your opinion\" button in most subs, even when expressly labeled otherwise. Can't be a hive-mind with dissenting opinions.
Ok I guess the characters are just stupid then.... It seems to be in Stark blood - Jon not telling people from the NW about Whitewalkers resulting in him getting killed. Arya going sightseeing in bravoos when there are assasins going after her. Sansa not telling important information to the commander. Jon not following his own plans and getting baited.\n\nWell the thing is though if all the characters act stupid then how the hell am I supposed to root for them and feel for them ?\n\nIs trusting Petyr Baelish smart thing to do ? Nope, not really. But its not like you have a choice. And its not like they plan had to rely on Petyr 100% like Neds did.\n
They're not stupid, they're complex. They make mistakes. People complain about being predictable and plot armor but then they want flawless characters out of no where? 
My problem isnt that *there has* to be a twist, my problem is that if there is going to be a twist at least make it a GOOD one, not some expected shit like another \"Ride of Rohirrim\", if they wanted all along for LF to come help, why not from the beggining? Why not make Sansa's character a bit more wise and accept LF's help from the beggining? My problem is that they tried to make an unexpected twist, and instead made an obvious one.
It wasn't meant to be a twist. They showed Sansa writing Littlefinger for help last episode. Sansa didn't want to accept Littlefinger's help because she knows the man, he didn't do that just because he's a good guy, eventually he will have his rewards. Littlefinger is not the kind of man that helps another without expecting something in return. She asked him for help when she realized they were going to lose because they didn't have the men. She didn't admit it to Jon because she's ashamed to ask Littlefinger for help after what he did to her. Even Brianne asked Sansa why she didn't tell Jon that she met Littlefinger in Mole Town and that he gave her the information about the Blackfish: the show is \"aware\" that Sansa is acting this way with Littlefinger. After she wrote him, he didn't reply, she didn't know when Littlefinger was coming, it could be that day, next week, or next month, and Jon wasn't going to wait that time.
My problem isnt that it *needs* a twist, my problem is that if they are going to make a twist, at least make it a good one. It would be fine for me if there was no twist at all and they made Sansa's character a bit more wise and have her accept LF's help from the begging, that would be better. But this? Another motherfuckin \"Ride of Rohirrim\"?! This was so painfully obvious it really got to me. Poor producing.
Ramsay also had archers separating Jon from his army. Lets not kid ourselves, that archers isn't why Jon charged forward.  It was a prime example of characters doing stupid things to create a dramatic moment. 
i maybe worded wrong, but that's literally what i meant, ramsey is seperating JON from JON's army...
Don't indulge them. Anyone who uses that many exclamation points can't be trusted.
[deleted]
I don't think the circle was lame, it's pretty representative of medieval tactics - if you can cut off all escape routes and press into your enemy, that's the ideal offensive attack. And ngl, \"squintier eyes for more seriousness\" come off it, if you're looking into the distance/keeping rain out of your eyes/really pissed off at someone then you squint, do you just have a really unexpressive face? 
Using old Roman battle tactics is lame?
This was an actual tactic Hannibal used, lol.\n\nBUT TOTALLY HOLLYWOOD.
Not being corny and too over the top
Supremely insightful, you are.
I have learned all now.
you blind, sheeply fucks...
Digging yourself a hole there, mate
You do realize there's an EDIT button, don't you? Or are you actually just used to talking to yourself?
Do downvotes actually make you *that* angry?
Rough day?
Easy to say when you're not watching your little brother get shot in the back when you're seconds from grabbing him
Well he isn't a Stark. This was a classic Stark move. 
It's a valid criticism. Jon Snow trying to 1v1 Ramsay's army wasn't just dumb, it was the dumbest thing that's happened in the entire show. 
But people do dumb things even in the most dire situations in real life. 
That was why Jon needed Sam to stop him leaving the Wall after Robb's death.
He wasn't trying to 1v1 the entire army. He rode out at full speed to try and save his brother. Archers killed his horse and Jon fell. You don't run away from a calvary charge, the best Jon could do with the situation he put himself in was fight til he died. 
If you only look at directing and cinematography it was the best episode imo, but it wasn't the most well-written one.
I thought it was poorly written. Yes effects and cinematography was amazing (not as good as the battle for the wall I'm but brilliant). The writing left alot to be desired. Jon is smarter than that. He came off as totally hotheaded. And impulsive.  Which he isn't. He let the wildlings through the wall against everyones opinion he could see the bigger picture for example. Sansa warned him about the tricks and that's clearly what letting rickon run was. A trick. I can't imagine GRRM would've written the battle that way. I fear that the writing is going to suffer now that it's diverged from the books and they don't have a general plot line to follow. I hope I'm wrong. \n\nThe ending was good though with Sansa getting her revenge and Dany and Tyrions part was awesome too. She rocks. 
Agreed, some of the best direction and cinematography ever, but everything else was business as usual.
I have to agree. Hardholme, Rains and The Climb still stand out to me years after, there was just something about those episodes. Even this season I thought E5-7 are extremely strong episodes. Thing is, GoT has set the bar SOOOO HIGH that even an episode as good as this just seems par for the course.\n\nBe happy they didn't sneak in any Sand Snakes =P
Right. This episode was like the pinnacle of the medieval battle type action sequence. Better than anything similar I've seen in that format. Compare it to Hardhome, which was just like - WTF, I don't even know what's going to happen next. Everything we saw in Battle of the Bastards was a mix of some battle scene we've seen before albeit done with perfect execution. 
I think because in each of the episodes you mention, the events were surprises (obviously if you haven't read the books) \n\nWe knew this battle was coming for like 8+ episodes now. 
I don't read the sub regularly, so please forgive me if there's a clear consensus. But are e5-7 generally considered extremely strong? I thought 6 and 7 bordered on boring. Overall the season has felt rather weak. A whole lot of treading water, it's felt like (the list of developments and events may be very long, but it doesn't *feel* it). What's the general opinion?
I think that if this shows retains a 10 that would give confidence for HBO to spend even more money on the last season. Because you know somewhere they give out a budget for each season, and the producers were like fuck it, let's spend 30% of the budget on one episode. Not wise spending, but it could pay off. \n\nI think in terms of action, this is the best one yet. As an episode for development, it finally concluded a few things that have been brewing in past seasons. Daenerys has her fleet, army, and grown dragons (or at least early adult) and is now ready to march. The Starks are back in charge of Winterfell and the main stopping force (Boltons) are dead, some unification of the North is still needed, but for the most part the large antagonist of the North is dead. And because of the turmoil in Kings Landing, the Lannisters are too busy to deal with what's going up North. Meaning, that for the most part the North is almost back to where it first started in S1. \n\nI mean there wasn't much story, but a lot of plot points got finished up. 
Absolutely this!! 
>I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight.\n\nI agree with you that it was predictable, but I don't see it necessarily as a bad thing.\n\nGame of Thrones has given us a lot of unpredictable twists and turns, but the thing is that every decision made in the story has consequences. Eventually you make enough unpredictable decisions in the writing that the consequences converge towards certain events that become inescapable. Events that just have to happen for the story to progress in a sensible, cohesive, logical manner.\n\nThis episode was that for me. It was the consequence of decisions made prior. Which is why I'm actually extra happy that they turned the episode into such a visual spectacle, with great cinematography and action choreography. And even better, it's the episode before the season finale. We got the predictable stuff out of the way. Now we're headed for the really crazy shit that's going to cap it all off for us until next April.
Exactly. Definitely my favorite episode of the series, as someone who's favorite character was Robb, but I don't think it was the best all-around.
>  predictable in everything that happened.\n\nWhen unpredictable is the rule, the predictable is unpredictable too.
He's actually a pretty solid reviewer.  I always see his reviews linked for shows that I watch and generally agree.  It was strange seeing his review as the only \"rotten\" one on Rotten Tomatoes when I checked last night.
I might have to read some of his other reviews then. Here it feels like he's nitpicking at seemingly unimportant details though. To me the whole \"war is all but glorious\" theme rises miles high above it all. Some writing might have been off, but this is the first time a tv show actually left me a bit overwhelmed.
no, it's because you are incapable of critical thinking, and whenever someone dislikes what you like, you hate him.
Or perhaps you are incapable of understanding rhetoric
Youre a fucking moron and your tastes are shit.
What the fuck is your problem troll?
Well said. I have the same thought but considering how everyone's been praising the episode, I didn't say it out loud. \n\nBut yeah. For me, I felt the battle was lacking, kind of. I can't point my finger where, but I thought it didn't live up to the hype somewhere. 
I don't know if it was how they shot it or if it was because Littlefinger and the cavalry arriving was just TOO predictable (it happened with the Dothraki earlier in the episode, with Stannis north of the wall, and with Tywin and the Tyrells at KL) and overdone at this point.  I wanted to see Wun wun smashing a tree into the Bolton army, I didn't want Jon to play right into what Ramsay wanted, the ending was great with Jon Tormund, and Wun wun charging winterfell, but the battle itself just didn't do it for me.  The action was cool but it seemed very....lost almost.  Maybe that's what they were going for with Jon really not knowing what was going on but it seemed sort of just like a cool action scene compilation rather than a well written story this episode. Which was good don't get me wrong but I don't think it would be in my top 5 episodes. 
If you watch the actual battle itself, you realize that most of it consisted of a couple minutes of really zoomed in intense fighting scenes where you can't really tell what is happening in the larger scheme of the battle. Then, there is the shield wall scene followed by the stampede. That was pretty much it. There really wasn't that much of a battle. It felt like they zoomed in too much and everyone died too quickly.
Dramatic scenes that a viewer can cherish. Its a manner of speech
I agree with all of his points. Some of the battle scenes were pretty good, I don't watch GoT for battle scenes though. Season 1 is still the best season by far and it skipped over all the battle scenes.
fair doos! for me it was just too intentionally-negative - seemed like he disliked it on purpose and refused to enjoy many of the great moments of the episode. you're right tho, the show's original strength was never its large-scale battle scenes. That said, as we approach the end of the story, i'm sure we'll see a couple more - it's just an inherent part of the crescendo of an epic tale.
I'm sorry you had to suffer through this whole episode. You must have been miserable through all that action. \n\n\nLike, we rarely get episodes like this. You'd think people could just sit back and enjoy something like that. Sorry there weren't a ton of unexpected twists. Sometimes things just need to play out and are just straightforward and full of action. And it was done extremely well here.
[deleted]
The critics are being overwhelmed by a glut of writers who need something to write about, and so they take up contrarian positions to attract attention and controversy. No one wants to read 600 words of gushing praise anymore, but they'll at least click in to leave an angry comment if you nitpick. \nNot that the episode was perfect, but some of the complaints are just silly. The Sansa hate in particular is gratingly dumb in the larger scheme of things.
Doesn't Rickon's corpse count as emotional meat ?
I'll let you know as soon as I find a reason to give a shit about Rickon, given how much of a nonentity he's been...
Or Wun Wun?
Because we had like 4 episodes building the emotional meat of the Battle this series anyway. The Battle was just the pay off
I would argue that we've had several seasons of buildup, ever since Ramsay took Winterfell.
Cop: How did this man die?!\n\nYou: He was poisoned by his enemies. 
\"But it looks like he's been stabbed in the gut repeatedly.....why wouldn't you just put him to bed for the night and place some loose bandages on the wound? Maybe some soup? He should have been fine by morning...\"
Did that stab wound happen before or after the poison?
This never fails to make me laugh lol
His dogs were hungry\n
He was coont and that's why you killed him.
Acute steel poisoning. Very tragic.
Valar morghulis 
If I was in the jury, I wouldnt convict him
Just let him have trial by combat.
Let's invite the guy to a wedding, as an *honorable* guest
\"I claim the Game of Thrones defense!\"
then plenty of people don't know what good cinematography looks like. 
It is, after all, what Oberyn would've wanted. You know, after they murdered his family.
They loved Oberyn so much, they decided to kill as many of his living relatives they could find. 
Fucking hackers. Report them to a mod
Laughed out loud at teleporting bit
Or better yet, Ned gets to the top of the tower only to be stabbed through the back of his head with a spear by a sandsnake. And then they make some cringy little quip like \"you are such a dirty bitch!\" Before giggling and walking away. Credits roll, and that's the last we see in season 6.
da bad pussi
Dang time traveling Sand Snakes, always ruining the timeline.\n\n
A bit off topic here. I've never actually seen Saving Private Ryan but I freakin' loved this episode. Should I watch it?
Definitely yes. The opening scene of Saving Private Ryan is very similar in feeling to the battle from last night's episode and you'd probably really enjoy it. 
Yes
Fuck yes, it's an \"old\" movie with some of the best cinematography and effects i've ever seen, when I say old I mean it lives up to todays standards even though it's 18 years old.
It is awe-fucking-some. Watch it!\n\nAlso I suggest Braveheart! You'd love it. 
There's much to the show beyond battle scenes, though.
Your username is perfect haha
Oh wow. I didn't even notice till you mentioned it haha. Good catch lol
Upvoted solely for your username :D 
four years of it, too. username checks out.
I like how we licked him
[deleted]
I like to imagine Jon, Davos, and Tormund talking behind Ramsay's back like high school girls
Maybe when Sansa got dibs on killing Ramsay, she took a poll of ideas on how to carry it out and someone helpfully pointed out \"You know, he did say his hounds haven't eaten in seven days...\"
I noticed this when I re-watched it. I don't think many people would have caught it the first time around.
Yeah that's what happened with me. It had no significance the first time around so you don't notice it, but then on the next watch, you notice she isn't there. 
There's a gap in time, from when Jon is beating on Ramsay, to when Ramsay is tied-up in his own kennels.  Sansa asks Jon: \"Where is he?\".  From that cut, we can just assume that he told her about Ramsay's 7 days threat, and that's why he had him secured in the kennels.
And I can't imagine the fierceness of the hounds that are the pure book readers. Those are the dire-fans. Sad part is, they might end up never fed again, in the worst case scenario. (Welp, hopefully not.)
> I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nThat's fair. When I feel like that, though, I step back and remember\n\n>GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years\n\nand it usually feels forgivable.\n\nNow, The Walking Dead (show) = another story.
yeah more like short-sighted
It's causing as much casualities as possible on the enemy side, but the immoral part is that it also causes as much casualties as possible on the same side.
Most causalties as possible on enemy side is letting them charge into your heavy infantry then using your cavalry on the flanks or rear as the heavy infantry holds them in place. Ramsay charged because he was trying to catch Jon before his troops could get to him. 
Because the shield circle was the last of his non-reserve forces (castle defenders). The calvary reinforcements destroyed them in seconds because they had no room to regroup
Shamefur dispray! 
Cravens! Your warriors flee!
Wun Wun's battle tactics annoyed me so much, but what pissed me off more was the wildlings standing around with their thumbs up their asses watching Wun Wun fail to breach the phalanx. If they attacked the point of the phalanx that was occupied by fighting a fucking giant, they could've collapsed one side and flanked the rest. Not that they had the manpower to win at that point, but still.
What I found more annoying that he didn't bring a log :(
Pretty sure there were double or triple lines of spears for instances just like that.
Why didn't he grab one pike and swing it down the line? 
They could have used the swords to cut the spears in half
Because spears and shields?
He was able to scoop guys up at will.He even could have used that guy he broke in half as a club. Further, why didn't he bring a huge club??
THANK YOU. Wun Wun coulda ran through the wall and fucked them up, exposing their backs, but instead he swatted at spears and got stabbed until Little Finger shows up and he decides to grab a shield and fuck people up. I was also so surprised how much Wun Wun focused on one person in battle at-a-time when he could easily sweep several people with ease. Felt so wasteful.
To a degree. You can't micro manage each individual soldier (as far as I'm aware, I've not played any of the more recent ones) however what I used to do was split my army into different sections. Send one down the middle while the other two went down the left and right flanks, and when they were in position I'd split off a few more battalions from the two flanks and have them meet between the enemy army and attack from behind.\n\nConquered most of Europe as England using that strategy.
You're doing better than [valyrian steel](https://redd.it/4owv6r)
Yes, and then the Romans used his trick against him at Zama.
Surrounding your enemy isn't a tactic that Hannibal invented, and the way he completed his envelopment of the Romans shared no similarity to the way Ramsay did. I'm trying to understand what you people are talking about.
Sort of. At Cannae the Carthiginians allowed the center to be pushed back in order to draw the existing lines around the aggressive Romans who would sense weakness and overpursue the center. It was Jon's original plan he talked about with Davos, not Ramsay's. 
I think so yes
For me BotB takes the cake, but WotW is a *very* close second. I loved Hardhome, but I prefer man-on-man ( \u0361\u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u00b0)\n\nIt's a shame they didn't have such a huge budget for Blackwater. The battle was epic, but imagine if they had the budget of BotB for it.
It would've been amazing. Probably show tywins army arriving
Hardhome > Hardhorne > Hardholm\n\nAm I missing a meme or did we just misspell Hardhome differently three times in one thread?
The BotB was better than any battle scene in any movie/show ive ever seen
Hardhome had too much CGI, I didn't like the wights. BoTB was way better for me.
No red wedding? Blasphemy. 
Oh it's up there, don't get me wrong. It just doesn't make my top 3. Tell you what, friend: I'll extend my list to a top 5, just for you:\n\n1. Hardhome\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n3. The Watchers on the Wall\n4. The Rains of Castamere\n5. Blackwater
I agree 100%
[This shot](http://imgur.com/9wEaZAH) was definitely what stood out for me. Cinematography was literally breathtaking.
> Battle of the B's\n\nDid they fight with... BB guns?
BB8 vs (Jar Jar) Binks
Battle of the Battletoads.
Damn autobalance always ruining games right before the end. 
random wildling #15 almost had the payload at the ships 
Not even close. Nights King had over 20x + the manpower of what was left inside the fort. Most of the wildlings were escaping on ship and only the men of the NE and a few wildlings were there to hold the gate. Both sides here had massive casualties albeit Jon having more since he fell into Ramsey's trap and also had fewer men but they still fought an actual battle.
there will be enough dragons
As long as none of them turn into dragon-wights, sure.
It will be a long night indeed 
I was pointing this out to someone last night, predictability isn't necessarily a bad thing. My go-to example is Lord of the Rings, nobody goes into Return of the King thinking \"Oh shit I sure hope Sauron doesn't win!\" We all know the heroes are gonna beat him somehow, that doesn't make LotR any less amazing.
Not that I completely disagree with you but do we know that Frodo is going to fail to destroy the ring?  That it's only because of Gollum that Sauron is destroyed?  No, even though it was foreshadowed and set up thousands of pages before we're surprised by how things go down.  That's the extra level of writing that sets the great fiction apart.  Someone else mentioned the Red Wedding farther down that's another great example.  
In fact if you keep ignoring where the story is clearly supposed to go in favor of *surprise!* you end up with a really shitty story without consequences.  
This is exactly why I didn't like Lord of the Rings :/
TV just doesn't really impact me. These things have a very hard time drawing me in.\n\nThe scene with the horses running at Jon, I was feeling shit stir in my pants and the scene with him being trampled actually made me anxious.\n\nI've never had that happen.
\"surprise fetishism\" would turn me off as well.\n\n
Just look at Arya. The most unpredictable thing happened (based on /r/gameofthrones ) and everyone was pissed. \n\nYesterday was clearly one of the best, if not the best, episode of all the series.
> Plus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. \n\nWas anyone else surprised how Yara and Theon just teleported into Dany's court room without even a scene of them arriving in Mereen or being let in? It certainly caught me off guard, I was stunned for a good five seconds.
I was telling my friend, last night's episode was so good it actually made me mad at the amount of waste we have in the show with storylines not actually progressing.  Like what the hell were we doing with Yara and Theon the past season when they advanced it so nicely last night?
[deleted]
Again, surprising doesn't equal good.  Surprising would be Ramsay surrendering and swearing fealty to Jon and he accepts and it turns out Umber was controlling Ramsay the whole time with mind worms. \n\nSurprising... but also shit.\n\nThis episode was about the horror of war.  It worked because it wasn't trying to surprise us... it was trying to affect us emotionally thru inevitability.
For the record I didn't expect Wun Wun to last the first 5 minutes of the battle. If I was a Bolton soldier and I saw that on the enemy team I'd focus a hell of a lot of my attacks at the giant that could(and did) rip a man in half. So seeing him make it to the gates of Winterfell was pretty awesome. \n\nI also was not sure who was gonna win at first. The way Jon was like 'I've faced worse than Ramsay Bolton' made it seem like he was too cocky and it would be his(and his men's) downfall. Sure, I knew Rickon was gonna die but I had no idea how. Nor did I expect Davos to make it(after seeing the pyre). \n\nSo while it was predictable(if you were like me and spent the last 7 days on this subreddit) it was still my favorite episode of the show. The choreography and cinematography and score were perfect. If I had to have a 'Top 3' for this show it would definitely be 1)Battle of the Bastards 2)Hardhome 3)Battle for Castle Black 
The way it played out made a lot more sense, just because it would have been dramatic to see them betray the Boltons, doesn't mean it would have been better. 
agreed. 
Do you think it will play out much differently in the books, or will that be cliche too?
what the fuck are you talking about?\nwhy wouldn't it be cliche just because it's in the books?\nyou don't even make sense
What's wrong with using Cliches? \n\nCliches are not bad, when done right. I could watch the most cliche horror movie on the planet (some real teenagers in a cabin somewhere shit), done right it could be amazing. 
because this show usually has very interesting writing.\nif I want cliches, I watch CBS
[deleted]
[deleted]
> it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute\n\nMaybe because they practically told us that the Vale would turn up, on multiple occasions. \n\nYou're talking as if the Vale turning up was intended to be a surprise, when it clearly wasn't. We even see Sansa writing a letter, intended obviously for the Vale. 
So obvious. Not in any way exciting. And the fact that they kept Sansa's letter a secret purely as a device to try and make it exciting only exacerbated the cringe for me. Sansa and Jon are both idiots.
If the show foreshadows or hints at something then it's predictable and boring. If the show does not hint at something or foreshadow an event then everyone screams \"Deus ex machina!\" or \"Bad writing!\".
I think you need to look up the definition of ex machina, because Littlefinger showing up wasn't that at all. You may not have liked him and his army saving the day, but they were setup WAY earlier in the season on multiple occasions. Deus Ex Machina would be more like if the Dornish randomly showed up with an army and saved the day.
Why the hell did you get down voted? I brought it back up because it's pretty obvious this sub has no idea what deus ex machina means since I see it being thrown around all the time.\n\nLittle fingers army was previously set up to come with sansas letter earlier in the season, how is that deus ex machina? This sub gets intolerable at times when they just repeat like parrots
Anything over 7.8 is generally worth watching.
Most things rarely settle down nowadays. And I am not saying RT is better. RT is different tho, since it asks simply did you like it or not? And you have a critics vote and viewer vote. So 100% on RT just means everyone liked it.\n
The critic ratings on rotten tomatoes are usually awful.
Well, everybody's a critic.
They rate it good for being such a bad movie. 
At the end of the day, if it's an enjoyable movie it should get a rating or review that represent that, even if it's a stupid film.
I don't think neuroscience gives someone an expertise on media arts or statistics.
I agree. I mean, I could see him studying how much enjoyment people feel from the episodes, but quality..?
I'm not really explaining it well, and it was like 3 years ago.  I worked in a computational lab at the time, and I can confirm that he was very well versed in statistics.  Here's his blog: http://pensees.pascallisch.net/  \n\nHe also wrote a book called Matlab for Neuroscientists\n\nEDIT: here's the patent I think he was talking about https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2008073633
How was Quality measured, considering that's a highly subjective thing?
It was something he mentioned at lunch one day.  It wasn't my project so I didn't look that much into it.  There was a really clever statistical scheme behind it, but all I remember was that imdb was the best performing website under that scheme.
I'm not questioning you man, I'm just somewhat doubtful of what neuroscience can contribute to the field of how accurate are IMDB, RT, and MetaCritic.
I think that there was some psychology research involved, but I don't know where he published it.
I stand corrected. Sorry about that
This was probably the weakest moment of the show for me. They built up Arya beautifully in prior seasons but once she got to Braavos that was when the story slumped. It's like they knew what the journey would be like to get to \"badasshood\" then they got there and were like... \"Let's make her a blind beggar, that'll teach her how to get strong\" and I just saw her get shit on. I was expecting like a Batman Begins montage of her failing and succeeded, chronicling her growth.\n\nThat was the weakest part for me. It feels like Arya hasn't grown up.
Happy Cake-day, though.
This season is like the season that saves the show. Bear with me. \n\nThey're emptying the SS Unfinished Plotlines. All those subplots are getting tied up in a little bow. I wonder if Gendry shows up any time soon.\n\nThey're connecting the plotlines. Daeneris is making friends with people who never met her before. It's like two or three different shows are finally one show for the first time.\n\nAnd they're consolidating characters and plots. Jon Snow's battle to save the world is now Sansa's battle for Winterfell is now Davos' struggle to do what's right is now Petyr Baelish's battle for control is now Brienne's struggle to love Jamie Lannister.... Theon Greyjoy's struggle to be a man and have a family is now Daeneris's struggle to retake Westeros and the Iron Throne is now Tyrion's struggle to be reasonable in the middle of a psychotic war... and then there's all the crap going on in the Red Keep. Now the show is in five pieces (the Hound and Arya remaining) instead of twelve.\n\nFuck Dorne. 
tl;dr: fuck dorne\n
Some would say they were wild and free
Nonsense, they were a well-trained military force deeply versed in complex and choreographed warfare.
Honestly I think that those two episodes were also a bit better. Don't get me wrong, this was some of the best CGI and action I've ever seen in GoT or television and I enjoyed every single minute of it. Both battles were epic, the acting was good and it was all amazing done, but Hardhome and Rains of Castamere were more original, less predicable and had more intrigue. I expected something like Lord Manderly to show up or that Umbers turned against Ramsey when he was shooting at his own men, but nothing like that happened, it was a clich\u00e9 Gandalf with the Rohirrim twist. \n\nI would rate Rains of Castamere a 10/10, and this episode a 9,5/10. But it's still in my top 5 GoT episodes nevertheless.
Less predictable than Hardhome? Like you didn't know Jon, Wun Wun and a bunch of others would safely make it to the boats? Or, are you referring to not knowing the undead army would show up there? I don't think predictability plays that much of a role in grading those episodes. BotB wasn't really set up to be some sort of unpredictable spectacle. They gave hints as to what was going to happen (Sansa sending a letter to LF, her telling Jon that Rickon was basically a dead man walking, Mel's visions of her walking on the battlements of Winterfell with Bolton banners coming down). The way it was done was amazing and satisfying, and we're left to wonder what happens in the aftermath. You don't need some sort of wild plot twist to make a great story.
As much as the Umbers disliked Ramsey, when did they have an opportunity to actually turn against him? \n\nI think they tried to play it like the Lannister's did back in the day. Wait it out, see a victor emerging, and side with them in order to secure \"safety\". \n\nUnfortunately for the Umbers, it really looked like the Bolton's would win the battle of the bastards, so the Umbers did not betray Ramsey. Queue the arrival of the Knights of the Vale, and suddenly the Umbers are *seriously* regretting their decision. 
I agree with this. I expect this episode to end up around 9.9 or 9.8 when it gets closer to 50,000 votes. It's brilliantly directed, wonderfully made, but Hardhome and The Rains of Castamere hit harder in a way.
I agree, while Battle of the Bastards was fucking awesome, I think Rains of Castamere is one of the greatest episodes of television ever produced.
This has got to be the dumbest Game of Thrones argument I've ever heard\n\n\"I feel Hardome is a 9.9 and BotB is. 10.0\"\n\n\"You sir are are fucking idiot, clearly it's the other way around\"
Much better, not just a bit
Why does everyone think they know better? It isn't your story or your world, you don't know what the plot is or what the narrative goals are. Not everything needs Shakespearean intrigue to be \"good\". Intrigue for the sake of intrigue leads to bad and tired television.
The thing is that it doesn't matter what we think. Obviously a rational person doesn't rate things like IMDb and IGN do. IMDb users rate an episode 10 of its great and 9 if it's okay, and they rate it 1 if it's anything below that. Since BotB was so hyped and since it was pretty great, I'm sure it'll get 9.9/10
9.5? Get the fuck out of here
I like fans like you, not blinded by bias and hype.\n\nIt's so difficult to have conversations with people about this show anymore, because no one wants to look at the negative aspects at all, fantastic episode but not a 10/10.
THANK YOU! Someone here agrees that this Ride of Rohirrim was expected and they failed at making an interesting twist like the ones you mention, it sickens me people were surprised because that tells me they havent been paying atention to the show they supposedly love so much...
Danny's acting definitely sucked, on that tower talking about surrender. Her face was forced. And the riding the dragons is so tacky. Because of that I give it 9.9.   
And Rains of Castamere was quite fucking sad that I'd think some people voted it bad but if that survives I have no doubt in mind that it will fall below that.
I'll admit things don't look good for me at the moment. But it's not done yet. 
So far. I'm playing to long game here. 
How long is that ? :D
I still think Ozymandias is better. That was the culmination of 60 episodes of storyline reaching a climax. Every single scene hits at the exact point it should. That's a fucking masterpiece episode of TV. I've seen a lot of the 'best' shows but yet, that episode went and created its own notch of greatness. I don't think anything from any other series compares, and Breaking Bad isn't even my favourite show. Six Feet Under, The Shield, The Wire, The Sopranos, Mad Men, Game of Thrones... all shows with amazing hours of television, but I still think Ozymandias stands atop.
Completely agree. I will always use Ozymandias as the yardstick by which to measure these things. 
I agree, but I would say that this episode is the culmination of all the hurt on Starks all show. It was payback and although I knew what was going to happen it was perfect. We shouldn't judge an episode on unpredictability. The cinematography was Oscar worthy (yes I know that is movies. That's the point). The battle was at the level of LOTR battles. It was beautiful and stressful and amazing. I have not felt that way while watching an episode since Ozymandias. 
You rate this episode equal to Ozymandias?\n\nSomeone fucking kill me.\n\nWhy are you comparing the two when they couldn't get more different as shows?\n\n
I rate it equal to Ozymandias given the context we are given. As with Breaking Bad the build up to that episode was so well done that Ozymandias paid off and was therefore given a 10/10. As with Battle of the Bastards the build up here was done in a similar way given the history of what Ramsay have done under the show. \n\nDon't think I compare those two episode, because I don't see where I did that and please don't comment such things as \"Someone fucking kill me.\" It's childish.
Rating something has nothing to do with comparing imho.  For example im into thrash movies aswell. I would never say that they are as well done as a really good movie but when i rate them i give points in how much joy i got from them. I dont get why people rate thrash movies so bad if they are going to watch one. Its like saying this movie has too much action but it was clear that this is a action movie. I cant explain it really well but in my opinion things should be rated in respect to what they want to be and what audience they wanna please. If im going to eat a sweet cake saying this cake was crap because it was not salty is just stupid.  You cant compare cake to fries but if you really really like both you can give both a 10.
You dont know shit then.
I think the fact that 95% of the total votes are 10/10 really says something. Also, there are always a couple hundred trolls who vote 1 just because.
It's the reddit hug of votes. Whenever an IMDB episode page of a show gets posted to reddit boasting about the votes, it always ends up getting a huge number of votes from the people who use or lurk on reddit. People feel like they are part of a movement.\n\nIt's also how those most liked or most disliked videos on youtube records happen. Once it becomes a thing, everyone wants to be a part of it.
IMDB has its own weird algorithm which tries to discount \"troll\" voting. 
I more meant that it was 9.9 for a long time and then a huge surplus of votes made it down to 9.7. It has so many votes it is hard to stop it much. It has more votes than almost any other episodes from the season by a longshot
I more meant that it was 9.9 for a long time and then a huge surplus of votes made it down to 9.7. It has so many votes it is hard to stop it much
Mathematically, it is hard to drop it very much. It was at 9.9 with like 15000 votes and so dropping it .2 is still a lot. It has way more ratings than any other episode this season besides battle of the bastards.
Exactly, when the link was first posted it wasn't anywhere close to that. Immediately after an episode fans rush to give it 10 ratings, especially when a post like this is made.
Yup, when it gets posted to reddit it gets a huge boost.
Exactly that was one of the best episodes of TV, that's why it still stayed at that rating.
[deleted]
The only reason those theories were being made in the first place was because people didn't think the episode could possibly be that dumb.
People seem to think the criticism comes from it not playing out in some wild way..  But the reality is, the reason for all the wild theories is because the straight forward answer didn't make any sense in the context.   Arya's character has been sold to us to be a certain thing.  With every season, constantly more vigilant, observant, capable, etc.  She then leaves a guild of trained killers, and acts smug, completely lets her guard down and is caught unaware the same day she leaves?  That makes *no* sense for her character.\n\nAs if that decision making wasn't bad enough, she suffers 3 knife wounds, 2 to the gut, and one of them a twisting wound, which is almost surely fatal without expert treatment.  She still manages to run across the city full speed, doing things her character probably couldn't do at 100% health, through dirty water, and then seemingly recovers over night from an injury she'd need weeks if not months to recover from.. \n\nFor what? So the viewers would spend 7 days thinking she might die and trying to find ways to make it make sense?  The bottom line is, it was poor writing and didn't fit the character/show world, and everyone hoped there was a better explanation.  I was disappointed their wasn't because the writing in this show is generally superb and that part of the story felt like amateur hour.
This argument has been brought forward again and again and it does not account for Arya acting OOC, the lack of consistent tone in the episodes, the fact that pretty much anyone had a better answer, the over reliance on shock value in ep 7, the fact that they ignored human biology.\n\nPlease stop trying to excuse the bad writing of that episode by using the idea that 'it didn't live up to peoples theories to people bitch' because that simply wasn't the case for the most part. The reason there were so many theories was BECAUSE the episodes were bad/mediocre. In GoT terms any episode which could be part of another series in how it saves characters or has them act inconsistently is bad.
Who had a better answer? No one. I read a bunch of the Arya theories and they were all dumber and made much less sense than what they went with on the show. The show's arc was far from perfect, but the fan theories were nothing more than people wanting a wacky plot twist for the sake of having a wacky plot twist. \n\nIgnored human biology? People have powered through worse injuries (stabbed in the head, shot in the head, stabbed many more times, etc.), but yeah, they went overboard with the stunts. I think they were going for a stunt coordination Emmy. Not the greatest idea, but it's television... But hey, perhaps milk of the poppy has some rather good curative properties. Did people complain as much when The Mountain was magically saved by Qyburn, who doesn't actually use magic?\n\nArya acting casual in Braavos? Meh, I guess she didn't think Jaqen would send someone to kill her. Perhaps, she thought she would get booted out and the Waif would get the Lady Crane contract. 
no it was just a cheap trick stabbing her so fatally, and then shitty writing having her just sleep it off.  that whole thing was just absolute shit.. worst bit of writing in GoT history for me.  
I agree with you 100% there are plenty of valid reasons like the ones you just mentioned. Was just speculating 
I do agree that Arya's arc has been interesting.... but not lately in my opinion. At least in season 6, at least. But it seems to me that, ever since she went to the house of black and white, her arc has been less interesting to me, particularly through season 6. 
Isn't Tormund from somewhere in Scandinavia as well?
He's Norwegian. 
I think he's norweigan.
It just failed? Man you ARE oh so much more *kisses fingertip* tasteful in cinnamontalography.
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [spoiler](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mmm wouldn't say he was too smart for Ramsey after how the rest of that episode went. He was easily manipulated and then crushed in battle by Ramsey, and saved due to some handy deus ex machina and his impenetrable plot armour.
My comment wasn't exactly 100% serious lol. Still though Ramsay got outplayed at the end there, and that's what counts.
Not saying it does. Just asking a question lol
  By whom?
It was one of the big dictionaries I think, on phone now, will update later.
I think she didn't tell anyone because she didn't fully trust LF and wasn't 100 % certain that he would turn up. Imagine if she had said to Jon \"wait a few days, LF is coming with the KoV\" and then he hadnt shown up.\n
There have been like three or four instances of deus ex machina this season, it's starting to get predictable.
  Rickon, Wun Wun, Ramsay all die. You needed Jon or Sansa to die?
The Lord of Light would've been a real dick if that was his plan after all.
Sure, but that's borderline plot armor. I mean would Ramsay really shoot an arrow into Wunwun's eye at the end when he had an easy chance to kill Jon?
Sometimes it's important that this is still a story with, you know, a plot and not real life. Some people do have to make it through to the end. There doesn't exist a story in the world devoid of plot armor.
He and his men probably wanted to make sure the giant was dead. Giants are very dangerous. They kill more people every year than bumblebees!\n\n
Someone in a different thread mentioned that Ramsay likes to manipulate people's emotions so much so that he must have wanted to shoot Wunwun in order to make Jon mad. Kind of that he is so rooted in manipulation that he forgets that he does not have to time to play with his subjects. 
> Sure, but that's borderline plot armor.\n\nIt's not like John already died once, right?
Then Jon might as well walk into battle alone
so, basically, \"plot armor\", but right now, most of you are in \"blind fanboy\"-mode and willing to accept all the bullshit this episode had
The Lord of Light isn't real. People just attribute magic to the gods as they can't understand it.
I think a lot of it is due to the fact that these books have been out there for so long. While this battle itself has not been written yet, its predecessors are and people have put things together for themselves.\n\nI think subliminally they've expected to be surprised even when what needs to happen does. 
Yep, people will be mad once R+L=J is confirmed. \"WOW, HOW PREDICTABLE!\"
>I think subliminally they've expected to be surprised even when what needs to happen does.\n\nI like this way of putting it.  Sometimes certain events just need to happen, not every predicted even needs to go wrong.  There have been very, very few moments in the series as cathartic as last episode.
Not everything needs a plot twist, but a predictable outcome ruins the tension. We knew the Starks were gonna win the whole time. \n\nThe only thing that made me stressful was wondering if Tormund or Davos would die. 
Not all of the starks won
So? I knew Harry Potter was going to win, it didn't mean I didn't finish the books or not watch the movies. Same with Lord of the Rings going into return. There was plenty of tension, I thought Tormund was going to die. We didn't know which characters would make it or if Ramsay's side would have any betrayals. Until the Umbers charged I was waiting for them to switch. It didn't have the twists of Hardhome but it was awesome in its own right. 
Idk man, it was looking pretty hopeless during the encirclement scene.  It was definitely touch and go there for a bit.  We knew that the knights of the vale would be on their way since it was foreshadowed, but it definitely wasn't guaranteed that that would make it in time.  It's kind of bad when having the good guys win one is \"predictable writing\" in Game of Thrones.
>Not everything needs a plot twist, but a predictable outcome ruins the tension. We knew the Starks were gonna win the whole time. \n\nI don't get it.  If you knew the Starks would win, why are you upset that the Starks won?  If you thought that another outcome was possible, then there would be tension because you didn't know the Starks would win.  If you thought the Starks winning was the only outcome that made sense, then it shouldn't hurt the writing that it's what happened.\n\nAlso, I just think it's dismissing a lot of really amazing moments in the episode to just summarize the whole thing as \"the Starks won.\"\n\n>The only thing that made me stressful was wondering if Tormund or Davos would die.\n\nI don't know about you, but that tension was a big deal for me.  That still added way more tension than Hardhome had, although the fact that I've read the books probably lowered Hardhome's tension.
It's easy to claim it now, but did we also know that Stannis would lose? That he'd lose twice?\n\nObviously the plot armour of Jon is really fucking thick now, especially since if he was gone there would be no \"north\" left at all, so we were expecting him to win, but most people would be lying if they didn't at least have a little doubt. This is the first major built up battle scene we've seen that's gone the way of the \"good\" side.
I agree. This episode was way better than Hardhome by a long shot. Jon was so passionate. It made up for his stoic attitude since being brought back. \n\nHardhome was pretty cool, but I've always thought Rains was the best episode. Now I don't know. This episode, the way it was shot.. The emotions it got out of me. I will probably never forget Davos against the sunset/rise. Or Jon coming up for air.\n\nPeople are upset because Littlefinger going all Gandalf. But we all saw it coming. And that's okay. There wouldn't be an episode if he fucking showed up on time and just wiped them out. That's how it needed to work. \n\nSometimes I just disagree with the hardcore Reddit crowd I guess. Not thinking this was one of the best TV episodes of all time is baffling to me.
Great review, I totally agree. I had such a mix of stress/anxiety from when John was seemingly going to get run down by the calvary until I saw Ramsey beaten and tied to that chair. Such a great hour of TV 
Yep plot twists are far from a must for the story to be good. Cliches on the other hand aren't great either and that is what we got. This episode had phenomenal cinematography and the pay of everyone wanted, that is why it is so liked, not because it had great tension, great writing or anything like that. I understand your opinion but I felt no emotion this episode. I knew Ramsey would die and Jon won't. I had no idea what was going to happen during Hardhome.
Did you watch the encirclement scene?
You didn't know what to expect? I thought it was pretty predictable\n\nIt seemed pretty typical that Jon probably wouldn't have died because of plot armour, Ramsey certainly wasn't going to give up Rickon, and the Knights of Vale were going to save the day
Idk, I actually was starting to think when jon was being trampled that I wouldn't be surprised if another gOt episode ended on a total downer
> I thought it was pretty predictable\n\nThe battle may have been, but the casualties certainly weren't. Most people here were convinced that Davos/Tormund would perish, and those 'mini stories' were more important to me than the overall results (which was pretty obvious, it had to be).
Jon \"No shield needed\" Snow? Yeah, he was pretty plot-armored. If you honestly believed he was going to die in this battle, then I say that you have not been watching any fantasy movies for the last thirty years.\n\nThat said, I enjoyed the episode.
It was so predictable that I might as well have already read a book about it. Cool fights though.
I mean one could easily liken this to the battles of Helm's Deep or the Pelennor for Lord of the Rings. Main heroes are trapped and nearly defeated when allied cavalry arrives to turn the tide.\n\nI for one was just happy to let myself be immersed with the incredible choreography and fighting sequences. While everything we all expected to happen did happen it doesn't lessen the experience for me.
I am a book reader and I know I sound like a smart ass but everything in this epi seemed fairly predictable. We know Jons not gonna die; we knew the vale were coming. The whole our fathers sucked shit was just lame. Ugh I feel like they are rushing.
Yeah pretty much everything the sub accepted would happen, happened. No more, no less.
The further you get into a series, the more obvious it is what character have plot armor. There's no way they're going to kill off more main characters that have been in since season 1 until the series has reached the real end game.
That's how the previous seasons worked but not nessecarily this one
People need to drop the ,,Got breaks tropes'' because it simply isn't true.
Yeah because if they kept that up we wouldnt have any good characters left to work with.
This is what happens, people jump on the show after hearing how unpredictable it is and start throwing hissy fits when people don't die
They still kill characters by the bucketloads, and now with no tension or setup. That's a very poor excuse, specially when they've done away with many of the best characters already.
[deleted]
I think we should stop predicting things and just let ourselves be surprised.
The books are heading that way too. That's always been one of my complaints about ASoIaF. It was always heading towards the Wheel of Time -- Light vs. Shadow, Fire vs. Ice, Life vs. Death. In a lot of ways, the first 4 books or so were always going to be irrelevant outside of determining who's left for books 6 and 7.\n\nJust because Rand al'Thor is going to be a dwarf doesn't mean he isn't Rand al'Thor, and just because Perrin uses a sword instead of an axe with a smaller beard, and Mat is a girl, doesn't mean it isn't Wheel of Time.\n\nI mean for Christ's sake, it's even The Dragon vs. the Shadow is what we're building towards. One of the problems with writing a political thriller in the shadow of a cosmic conflict is the politics are irrelevant in the wake of the cosmic threat.\n\nHow in the world is it going to matter who sits on the Iron Throne when the Night King crosses the wall?\n\nEpisodes like this one -- Battle of the Bastards -- exist to shape the cast that will make it to the cosmic conflict. Because I promise, when it becomes Westeros vs. White Walkers, the stakes will be infinitely larger, and Jon's going to need what he learned at Winterfel to fight that battle. \n\nThis battle wasn't important because Jon might have died -- it was important because we saw Jon covered in soot and dried blood. Because we saw Sansa smirk as a man (a deserving man but still) was eaten alive. \n\nThings are going to be worse, so much worse, and at this point the Iron Throne is the anvil on which Westeros must be forged.
Well that's where GRRM's hypocrisy comes in. He claims to have no main characters, but that's not true at all. The main characters are the POV characters that are still alive. It can't have the \"nobody is safe\" thing because most of the characters have died up to this point. That's not to say there won't be any more major deaths, but there has to be some kind of ending here. 
The guy I was responding to asked what someone didn't like about the episode. I prefaced my comment with \"I did love the episode\". I understand that if everything was a twist it would be predictable, maybe what I should've said is I want some rationality back.\n\n The Vale army was the largest force in Westeros after the War of the Five Kings. They had just taken Moat Cailin after being inactive for an entire Civil War. Moat Cailin is referred to repeatedly as a major stronghold that holds the north. Ramsay would have heard about this as warden of the North. He would have had scouts watching it. The Vale army wouldn't have been able to sneak thousands of troops north without Ramsay having even the slightest inkling they would have been coming. \n\nYou might say, \"Ramsay wanted to wipe out Jon's forces quick before the Vale army arrived\". This is a stupid, irrational thing to do. If Ramsay knew the Vale force was close, as he should've, he would've held up in Winterfell and let Winter take care of them during a siege. Winterfell was time and again referred to as a bastion of fortitude. Ned and Theon often mentioned how one man on a wall is worth 10 on the ground (from memory). \n\nYou might then say, \"But Ramsay had to meet Jon in battle, the north was watching, he can't look weak!\". This again doesn't make sense at all. What houses are watching? Most of the major houses fighting forces went south and died fighting with Robb. Let's say there were powerful houses 'watching' (never mind how), why would they care if Ramsay used a castle for it's intended purpose? What better position would they be in to attack Ramsay if he did hole up in Winterfell? Would it be worth it to them to march across however many kilometers in the advent of winter, with not much food at all, and risk rebelling against the house with the largest army? No one would be stupid enough to do that. Even if they got to Jon's, and lets say for measure the Vale's forces, during the siege and before any major casualties, would they have enough to overwhelm Winterfell right before winter? Maybe, although it would be a massive gamble and a stupid one. Then also, why would these hypothetical houses rally behind a southern army taking their capital? Doesn't that smell entirely like a plot to control the north by foreigners? \n\nThe Blackwater had rational thought put into it and the battle felt naturally occurring. People paying attention could have seen the 'twists' coming, they weren't contrived. The Blackwater had it's flaws too but not so much as this episode at all. Bastardbowl felt forced for a climatic conclusion that did away with rational thought. It was very enjoyable to watch, but the conditions that created it fall away under scrutiny. People like shows for different reasons, I always liked the intrigue of GOT much more than the action. \n\nAgain, I didn't come to this thread to shit on the episode (I even praised it as the best shot in my comment). I responded to a guy who asked what someone didn't like about the episode. Don't jump on the wagon of hating on people criticising an episode when asked to. 
You know what would have been a genuinely surprising? Ramsey actually fucking up and Rickon surviving. 
> I like the idea of Ramsay being delusional to the end, but while I liked most of his acting choices throughout the show, I thought that line should have been delivered with a bit of fear and uncertainty, not raw confidence.\n\nWhy is that so strange? The only time he even showed fear in the show was when his father told him about his future baby brother. He immediately resolved that one. The guy was nothing but raw confidence otherwise, even right before he's captured when he claimed they would still be able to hold Winterfell from a siege.\n\nAlso he would never show weakness in front of Sansa.
1) When the dragon showed up they immediately surrendered. The whole scene makes zero sense if they already knew Dany came to Meereen on a dragon. \n\n2) Alright, Dany is psychic. It's a bit weak in my opinion, but there we go.\n\n3) So they were just sitting nearby waiting for a dragon to burn the ships. Ignoring the fact that the plan was devised between Dany and Tyrion and they weren't involved at all, how did the masters not see the dothraki horde sitting outside? Again, it didn't seem to come up during the negotiations until after the surrender.\n\n4) If you can suspend your disbelief that an army of thousands can invade hundreds of miles of territory without the lord finding out then it's not really worth talking about to be honest.\n\n6) Plot armour is a writing flaw when it requires this level of belief suspension. Jon charging alone into a rain of arrow fire is dumb. Maybe just a personal thing, though.\n\n7) *Maybe* they'll explain it next episode and it's not just bad writing. But I remember people saying that about Arya being stabbed. Remember how that turned out?\n\n8) Pedantics. Jon fell for the (obvious) trick. He had no plan. He deserved to die, just like Ned or Robb. This is really more of a thematic flaw than a writing one, but it still brought the episode quality down for me.\n\n9) They had stopped fighting the soldiers when Ramsay fired. You're arguing a bit of empty point, here.\n\n10) It potentially goads Jon into making bad decisions? More than an arrow to the face would? Come on.\n\n12) Why would anyone tell Sansa the dogs haven't been fed for seven days? How would that even come up? This is a very minor point but I included it because it's another symptom of the episode's general laziness.\n\n13) With Littlefinger's army they massively outnumbered the Boltons. The encircling wouldn't have even worked. I do see where you're coming from though.\n\n14) What made me think she was with Littelfinger's army was when she was on a horse next to Littlefinger with his army.\n\nI appreciate the fact that you took the time to reply to almost all the points and I do respect a lot of what you said, especially to some of my pretty nitpicky points. But some of it like 4, 9 and 10 is just ridiculous. I feel like you're arguing them for the sake of it.
Point 12, I will reiterate for JohnnyCwtb that Sansa was THERE when Ramsey spoke about the dogs.  Even with that aside, Jon may have reasonably told Sansa about the dogs because he might have wanted to feed him to the dogs as well.\n\nFor your other points about the Knights of the Vale, I think you're overestimating the size of their force.  Ramsey explicitly said \"they don't have an army\".  This would help explain how they managed to quickly get to Winterfell without detection, and why the surprise attack was necessary.  Further, you're overestimating the loyalty of other northern houses to House Bolton.  Really, only the Umbers and Karstarks were loyal to the Boltons, whereas the other northern houses simply did not want to fight against the Boltons.  Do you expect every minor village they pass to think \"oh there's men headed north, better ride to Winterfell and warn Ramsey\".  You're right in saying it would be difficult, and even unlikely, but not impossible.\n\nLastly, for point 6, he didn't charge IN to a rain of arrows, he charged PAST where the arrows would land.  This is clear as the place he was standing was immediately bombarded after he charged.  If he had stayed where he would or retreated his chances of being hit would have increased.
Sansa didn't reaveal the line about the dogs until the very end.\nThere was a period of time between Jon beating Ramsay and the ending, and it's fair to assume she had some conversation with Jon/others about her intentions, especially since Ramsay was moved to the cell, and the doors for the hounds cages were opened.   Someone helped her do those things.  I didn't feel like it was a continuity error at all, just something that happened off screen.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1758 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48607)
That was poorly directed. Big difference. People who don't work in the industry merge all aspects of film together and call it writing.
Yes. The conversation between Edmure and Jaime is one of the best written scenes in the entire series. 
I wasn't arguing the cost of the Vale, but the fact that they magically just teleported to Winterfell. It doesn't make any sense. Someone would have sent a raven to Ramsay. They'd have to go past Moat Calin at the very least, that castle Ramsay took last season. The Aryn army is invading the North, and the Northern army doesn't realise they're there until they ride over the hill. What? There was literally thousands of men. Stuff like that used to be planned out, but now it isn't. It's just lazy.\n\nI think it does deserve the tone. It was badly written. The whole episode was, in my opinion.
> the fact that they magically just teleported to Winterfell\n\nIt's been said at least once before (probably more) that each story within an episode is not happening at the same time. Months could have passed between episodes or even within stories within an episode.\n\n> It was badly written. The whole episode was, in my opinion.\n\nWell, I suppose it's a good thing you're not voting on the Emmys.
That is not a continuity issue - why does everyone assume that everyone would keep that information from her? She clearly had several off-screen conversations with people who were there, how else would she even know where to find Ramsay?
> Aside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed,\n\nWe don't see everything happening on screen, it's possible her and Jon talked about it before that scene happened.
> Aside from the single continuity issue of Sansa not knowing about the dogs not being fed\n\nDidn't Ramsay mention the dogs at the horse meeting between the two sides before the battle? Sansa was there.
Him saying the dogs weren't fed was before the battle and Sansa was there
The only unpredictable thing that has happened in the main plot since the red wedding is Jon's death, which is hardly worth mentioning as it was basically only a scare. There's no way to keep a series like this unpredictable forever, unless they kill off all main characters and replace them.
I generally agree with your premise, but we *did* see that. Sansa outsmarted Ramsey, and she did it by keeping the Knights of the Vale from Jon and using his wilding's as bait for her own army. It was ruthless, but it worked. 
I was talking about Jon charging alone against Bolton army and dodging million arrows. If it was in GoT style, Jon would die and Sansa would then reclaim the Winterfell. 
[deleted]
You can definitely find these types of things in the earlier seasons, but a lot of them were explained by information given in the books.
The knights of the Vale wasn't even a Deus Ex Machina situation, there was obvious planting and pay-off for that during the previous episodes, it didn't come out of nowhere. \nEDIT:\nJust in case it isn't clear, I'm actually with you on this.
Exactly. We *knew* that Sansa was holding them in reserve. The GoT twist isn't that the cavalry arrived, it's that Sansa was planning Jon and the Wildlings to maximize their usefulness. 
Yeah me too! Then when I saw it was Shaggy Dog's head I was expecting Jon to mention about how small his head was. \nAnd on that note: I'm starting to think that Shaggy Dog was kenneled the whole time Rickon was with the Umbers; if the dragons are in a cage and can't grow, why not the direwolves as well?
Right, and while a bunch of the people that said \"Zomg this episode was so predictable\" would be stoked, I'd be the one going \"wow how predictable was that, c'mon guy some originality please.\"
Wow a lot of downvotes, but out of curiosity can you show me this laser pointer you were talking about, I'm suddenly very interested
\"Protection from the Lord of Light\" disguised as luck. Fate is a big part of the series and in a world where people are brought back from the dead and dragons are alive there are certainly more ridiculous things that have happened than getting lucky when dodging some arrows.\n\nI would even argue that it was more lucky that the cavalries collided directly on top of him. A few seconds difference and he would have been slaughtered.
Yeah, I know the whole protection thing, that's pretty much what I called it when I was watching the episode lol. I was just saying that the arrow thing was more of a reason for people to be mad than the other two points he made (being surrounded and ramsay killing Wun Wun)
What did you want? For him to die? There's always a blurred line of realism in these scenes; you can watch battle sequence with the 'main' character of any film/series and there's *always* some sections where plot armour prevails; it *has* to.
This episode was more than just effects, though.  It wasn't all story, but things like the Rickon scene, the crush, and the final Jon vs Ramsey fight had a lot of emotional impact to in my opinion, it's unfair to the writing and direction to dismiss them as effects.
You're right, it was story driven action. I just don't really LOVE GoT for its storytelling anymore, not since season 3. I feel like it's a big past its prime in that case, more Hollywood and less gritty book. That's why I'm ok with being swept away by the action. 
The Rickon scene just came across to me as 'Ramsey does something shockingly evil scene no.531'. There was almost a decent emotional moment when Wun Wun was dying but then they ruined it just so they could have 'Ramsey does something shockingly evil scene no.532'.
Yeah. That was my favourite part of the episode as well actually.\n\nAnd honestly if it hadn't been for the absolutely atrocious subplot of Arya getting stabbed and chilling at lady Crane's (everything between Arya blowing out the candle in her hidey-hole a couple of episodes earlier and the waif finding her there could have been completely skipped) the last episode would actually have been one of my favourites of the season.\n\nBut it happened. :(
Abstract. As in lacks specificity. You say the characters are completely consistent and, of course, don't bother to explain any further. So, yeah, abstract arguments. The one's stupid people drift towards.\n\nAlso, you don't use lmfao right before a question mark. It's essentially asking me if you should be laughing your mother fucking ass off. \n\nLike I said, it's really no surprise you were thrilled by this episode. I'm sure you are a big fan of the Transformers franchise, as well.
Either way. You introduced it to me. So you are a hero even if you won't acknowledge it =>
I've loved the majority of the show - just not a fan of episodes like this. Long battle scenes with poor/uninteresting dialogue.
I'm fine with representing the chaos of battle, but when you devote 20ish minutes of air time to it, it needs to be a little cleaner and a little more interesting. Specifically when they were stuck in the pincer. The battle Itself was straight up just boring. They rushed in, got surrounded, got saved by the Vale. Why not have it be a little more focused on tactics. They had a smaller force, they mentioned building trenches to stop the Calvary, and then they just forgot about all that and charged in? Yeah I get they were mad about rickkon but come on, this is their one shot to get Winterfell back.\n\nWhen I say the writing was lazy, i mean the actual script. Dany's line could have been way more interesting than \"actually, ur gonna surrender to me\". Jon and Sansa's dialogue was absolutely terrible. Davos and Tormund could have had way more interesting dialogue. The red witch and Jon's scene was completely pointless.\n\nGiven that this is art we are talking about, not sure if there is a right or wrong side of it. And champ? Really?
fair doos, nice points. haha it seemed to round it off nicely
>people are calling it (one of) the best episodes of television ever. you're on the wrong side of history, champ.\n\nThis is such a weak argument.
didn't mean it to say \"people say it, so it's true.\" meant something like, \"people are enjoying it even more than you understand. perhaps it has value that you haven't yet discovered.\"
I don't want flawless characters I want characters that are not suicidaly idiotic.\n\nJon Snow has been fricking groomed for command in the Nights Watch for a long time. We saw him command battles pretty damn well, he even made a pretty good plan. And to throw his whole battle strategy out of the window and just charge into the enemy?  That goes against the character.
It doesn't at all. Jon loves his family. There's a reason why Sansa tried to get Jon to accept that Rickon was dead, even if he was still moving.\n\nHe didn't. He couldn't. He broke. He even stayed consistent with that throughout the episode.
Yes its true that they gave a subtle hint, but I think they wanted it to be a twist, otherwise Sansa would have said to Jon clearly that she talked to LF, because why not? Just for her pride? I dont buy it. Yes she didnt know when he was going to arrive, but they (the producers) did, and they could have make him arrive anytime before the battle if they wanted. If they didnt intended it to be a twist why make him show up EXACTLY in the moment it appeared the hope was gone? They clearly wanted shock value, and it's the 4th time they do this, it no longer unexpected. Poor producing.
Sansa didn't tell Jon about this for the same reason she didn't tell Jon about meeting Littlefinger in Mole Town and how she knew about the Blackfish. She hided everything about Littlefinger, not just this. So her behavior fits, at least considering her attitude towards Littlefinger this season. We still have to wait until we see the dynamics between Littlefinger-Sansa-Jon to understand why Sansa acted this way.\n\nWhy the Knights of the Vale arrived at the end of the battle instead of the middle of the battle? It doesn't mean it was for plot twist value, it was to make a climatic and emotional ending for the battle, just that. The Rohirrim in LOTR wasn't a twist either, everyone knew Gandalf went for them, they appear at the end for climatic purposes. You can't say it was to make a twist, you just don't know the intentions. Think about it, if you, as a tv watcher, knew the Knights of the Vale were coming because the show specifically stated it, what's better? To have them arrive at the battle in the middle or in the end of the battle to save the day? Clearly it has more value if they arrive in the end, even if you knew they were coming. So you can't confirm it was made for twist purposes just by pointint out they arrived in the end.
They were shooting arrows at him as he charged. That's how his horse died. 
i noticed that too...
Cool, fuck your opinion too man. 
I'd say my opinion has a stronger base than \"squinty eyes\". I respectfully disagreed. Thanks for fucking my opinion. Probably the only thing you'll ever fuck.
nope, spineless shits do, who are unable to have an argument
Deep breaths bro.
Agreed, I thought it was very real. Many of his like to think we'd be rational, level-headed, and accept the fact our little brother was about to die. In real life, I think most of us would do what Jon did and try and save our family, even if it is guaranteed to be a failure. Especially when taking into account Jon thinks that Rickon and Sansa are the only two family members he has left alive. \n\nDumb move? Definitely. But a move I think most would make.
Which I think is why Sansa is such an interesting parallel, it shows how much her mental hardship has affected her outlook on life and how maybe there is \"a little bit of Ramsey in her forever\" paraphrasing of course.\n\nShe had all but given up on Rickon and had resigned to the fact that he was already dead.
>But a move I think most would make.\n\nCome on man...\n\nThat was dumbest scene in he entire show. It gave The Walking Dead a run for it's money. 
That was beyond dumb. He's going to leave his entire army behind and hack through thousands of men by himself so he can get to Ramsey and avenge his brother? He might as well just run off a cliff. 
It was but you think people don't do the dumbest things in real life? And he wasn't expecting to kill them all. He thought he was going to die soon because there was no turning back at that point and wanted to go down fighting.
> Archers killed his horse and Jon fell.\n\nYeah, after he charged them 1v1...\n\nI'm not talking about when he rode out to his brother, I'm talking about after that. \n\n>You don't run away from a calvary charge\n\nYou can when you have a horse and a 200 yard head start. Jon was the first one to charge anyways. 
I for one, am not a fan of shaky camera action scenes. Can't tell what the hell is going on. Sure it's a metaphor for the battle, where no one can tell what going on. I'd much rather have a battle like \"The watchers on the wall\" s04e06 the battle at castle black. Where you have nice long steady cam shots. Where good and bad are blurred. Where you don't have the bad guy, in this case Ramsey, sitting at the edge twirling his mustache. No one is coming to help, so you use every resource you have. You fight logically and tactically, because god in the machine does not exist.
The director seems to be really big on taking you down to the POV of the characters as much as possible. This was what was so damn good about Hardhome, because you couldn't really tell what was going on until the wights were on them. \n\nIt definitely was pretty cool, in my non-expert opinion, to feel what Jon was feeling and see what he was seeing, for the most part. We felt the frenzy when the cavalries meet just as he's about to be trampled. We felt like we were trapped inside the shield wall. And we definitely felt the hopelessness of being smothered by your own men trampling over him. \n\nI get where you're coming from, for sure, but it was a breath of fresh air for me, or maybe a lack of it. \n\nedit: a word
The long steady cam shots weren't an option for this battle because there was far more CGI involved than the Castle Black scene. You complain that you can't tell what's going on but that's kind of the point otherwise the CGI would be far more obvious and jarring 
Exept for the Giant..
We ain't seen a cavalry charge like that. Ever. It looked something out of Return of the King.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Although Ramsey is first and foremost a terrorist/lunatic/sadist than a tactician with a goal. He may have thought that pissing Jon off, and tactically luring his army into the battle, was more fun than just trying to shoot Jon straight away.
I agree completely, everyone in this sub is just circle jerking away the fact that it was written by a bunch of boobs.  \n\nIt was cinematically gorgeous, but the plot for the entire battle was asinine.  It had so much freaking potential too, Davos was being a g the night before trying to be Hannibal while crafting a battle strategy.  Instead we get some silly Hollywodd plot crap that made no sense.\n\nStill a good episode overall, far from even close to being the best ever though.
I counted five perfectly timed \"guy is about to run down Jon Snow from behind and then someone else crashes into him from out of frame\" shots.  After the third time I was just like, \"AGAIN?\"
Yeah, like I said, I was surprised to his review as the sole negative one on the RT page.  I don't know when he became \"famous\" as a critic but I remember my first time reading his stuff was during Breaking Bad and that show thrived on its attention to detail so I can understand why some of the smaller details might irk him. 
this is not an answer.\nthis is just some vague bullshit.\nplease tell me about the very complicated \"rhetoric\" I didn't understand
haha wow
> The action was cool but it seemed very....lost almost.  Maybe that's what they were going for with Jon really not knowing what was going on but it seemed sort of just like a cool action scene compilation rather than a well written story this episode. \n\nYES! My reaction exactly. That's what I felt was off, I think. 
I'm not defending the way they set it up, but Littlefinger arriving may have been predictable because you literally watch Sansa request his help a few episodes before. We knew he was coming because... we were told he was coming.
Yeah, they were doing a Jon POV I think. It was different from, say, Watchers on the Wall episode.
>I'm sorry you had to suffer through this whole episode. You must have been miserable through all that action. \n\nWhy are you so salty? People can criticize the show once in a while dammit 
Sure we've barely seen him, but he's still a Stark and (at least supposed to be) a little kid. Does not showing up on the show disqualify him from our sympathy as he's literally running from arrows being shot at him from behind?
Milk of the poppy. It's good for what ails you!
like the penicillin tea and the will to live from Arrow
\"Oh, what have we got here, a lil bit of poppy milk?\"\n\n\"It's not mine sir, I'm holding for a friend!\"\n\n\"That's what all you fucking poppyheads say. You're coming downtown with me, boy.\"
Milk of the poppy is opium extract, correct?
When Wun Wun was in the courtyard, I yelled at the TV, \"Hang in there, we'll get you some milk of the poppy!\"
No you didn't
Then arrow through the eye.\n\nI hoped he would have hung on a little longer. Last of his kind and all.\n\nA Ramsey arrow through the eye is pretty bad considering all the other shots he took!
mmm soup
Don't forget the brackish sewer water to rinse out the wound!
Oh that was me. I thought if I poked enough holes in him, the poison would drain. 
Hello, Qyburn!
I repeat he was poisoned by his enemies.
Yes\n\nThe blade was poisoned
It's forbidden. 
fucking Tommen
God damnit I was so happy from just watching S6E9 and you just made me sad again
They should off themselves next, just to complete the tradition.
Idk who is even left for them to get their revenge on. Tywin, the main guy behind their woes, is dead. His son killed him, so he shouldn't be a target (granted the sandcunts don't use logic). The mountain was killed by Oberyn (in mutual combat btw), so even if they go after him it's pretty pointless cuz he's a zombie and as far as everyone else knows he is dead. Cersi sure I guess, but she's gonna be ded soon anyway and kinda has her hands full. Jamie probably saved their relatives lives by killing the mad king, and they killed his daughter in front of him.
Ser Pounce, doing lines of that wild fyre again?
\"You want the good story, but you need the bad paradox\"
It's also very loosely based off of a true story. Except in the real story, they just sent one man to bring him back.
RE: your handle\n\nRamsey's demise reminded me of the trick Hannibal Lector played on a child predator in those Thomas Harriss.  So googled up Hannibal Lector dogs eating face or something similar.....turns out it was inspired by the actions of someone who did that to themselves while on PCP.  The accompanying photo was gruesome.
'Calling me bastard, HE'S a bastard!'\n\n'Totally.'
\"Like, oh my god, did you *see* how he was looking at Jon?\"
Oh they totally are high school girls. And Melisandre is the scolding teacher. But she may soon face a pupil that's become particularly unhappy with her methods...
You know there was at least one woman who would have suggested burning him alive.
\"Well, we could always-\"\n\n\"No, Mel.\"\n\n\"You didn't let me finish.\"\n\n\"You were going to suggest burning him alive. That's all you ever contribute to these meetings. Come up with some new ideas.\"\n\n\"You don't know that I was going to say that!\"\n\n\"OK, fine. What were you going to suggest?\"\n\n\"...but the benefits of burning him alive-\"\n\n\"Goddammit, Mel.\"
It would have been good Karma if Theon had shown up and queefed Ramsey to death
I see.  I don't know much in medieval tactics.
Oh, well the main thing is cavalry is for flank charges that destroy formations, thus causing the enemy to flee and get chased down by cavalry as well. \n\nJust like what the Knights of the Vale did to the Boltons. The Bolton infantry couldn't turn to meet the horses cause there were a bunch of wildlings in front of them. \n\nJon's initial plan of trenches on the edges of a slightly u-shaped formation, with forest behind, to protect against heavy cavalry and draw them to the center was great... But they decided screw it. 
He could have made a much larger impact in the battle than he did. 
Spears and swords. Any wildlings apart from Tormund were getting slashed apart. \n\nAlso you're expecting battle tactics from wildlings. Their typical tactic is to just rush in and kill everything that isn't them. 
ORKZ IZ MADE FOR FIGHTIN' 
There was a triple line of pairs of soldiers, one holding a spear and the other the shield. There may have been swordsman among them or it may have just been spear men who put down their spears and drew a sword, I'm not sure. But should a giant break the shield wall at a point, just like he did, it would allow for infantry to pour into the breach and eliminate one of the lines. Do it three times and you've just breached their formation. Seems possible to me, although I do admit the rear would present a hazard with their spears whilst the infantry rushed forward. I'm just making the point that infantry fighting beneath a giant would prove more difficult for a phalanx to combat than just one or the other individually. It seems an advantage that would be easy to notice and hard to pass up, yet no man took it.
Wun wun could have just grabbed a spear and started shish kababing people.
I'm actually going to disagree with you there. The wood was likely hardened in fire and therefore would have been difficult (but not impossible) to break the spears. Hell, wildling steel isn't that good, is it? It would've been cool to show a wildling attempt to break a spear, only for his sword to snap in half. Really show that the bridge between Bolton troops isn't just in discipline but also equipment.
Hell they must have had a blacksmith they could have spiked it. Just use sword blades as \"nails\" as you would with a baseball bat.\n
Barring fighting barehanded, he could have just grabbed some bodies and thrown them at the phalanx... Who can say they're strong enough to hold a shield up to a 200+ pound body thrown at you?
Yeah, probably shoulda been handed a giant log but I guess everyone there forgot [this](http://img2.tvtome.com/i/u/73705ea7a587470ec70e2ce233a99476.gif)
I think he basically did to be fair, I can't think of a battle from earlier in history where that maneuver was used effectively. Maybe the battle of Marathon? but the details we have on that battle are very vague.
Hannibal invented the maneuver where part of your line purposely gives way so that the enemy moves forward into a pocket and surrounds themselves. You can't convince me that nobody before him thought \"Hey, it's kind of hard to kill these guys when they're all facing you. I should get on their flanks and behind them and kill them that way\", and then did that. I don't know enough about pre-roman military history to point out any examples, but I would be shocked if they're not out there. Or they might not have been written about.
Honestly, though, Tywin busting through the door was a pretty cool moment. If we knew he was there before then, I'm thinking it wouldn't be as good.
I spelt it wrong. For some reason I always thought it was Hardholm, no idea why.
Thank you. This was bothering me!
Most of the Wights are practical effects. It's those skeletal ones that look corny as fuck.
Yeah I thought those moved weird haha
thats not possible i have read the books
Yes, but the point is, generally, the good guy wins in LotR, so it was predictable, but not any less amazing. Even in BotB, sure, we knew the Starks would come out on top, but how exactly they would was so excruciatingly tense. We didn't know who would die in the process. I thought Tormund would die. I thought Ramsay would do more damage to Snow or Sansa or Lady Mormont. I thought Ramsay would get a clean, easy death. So many things happened that I didn't know would happen even though I knew the Starks would come out on top somehow.  
But in the end, we all know the ring will be destroyed and the good guys win.\n\nIn this episode we were sure of how it was gonna turn out and it was great nonetheless. However, it's GoT so there's always that fear that maybe shit won't turn out well for the good guys.\n\nIt's easy to look back and say we called that, but it could have just as easily gone the other way. And I'm the moment, I don't think anyone was 100% for sure what was gonna happen. With GoT you always have that doubt, and that's what makes it exciting.
Sure there is edge of your seat excitement but there isnt that little extra poetic something that made it all something special beyond just the excitement.  The Red Wedding had it and the destruction of the Ring had it in LOTR.  Heck even Tyrion shooting his father with the crossbow had it after his trial.  This episode was good in it's own right but it didnt have that and I think that is what a lot of people are talking about when they talk of surprise twists.
Good point but it's not like we knew who out of Jon's main men would die. It was down to Tormund, Wun Wun, and Davos, so it's not like the episode was entirely predictable. I was bricking myself when Tormund was getting beaten by Smalljon.
Surprising would be Arya getting stabbed in broad daylight while paying no attention to her surroundings.  Oh wait, that happened.  The problem wasn't surprise but lack of subtlety, foreshadowing or intrigue.\n\nEdit: an example of foreshadowing that would've been \"surprising\" would be Ramsay's men turning on him instead of firing into the melee.  He's indiscriminately killing his own men with his archers - there's a good contrast with Davos holding fire and then having his archers charge instead.  If some part of his forces had refused and Ramsay had executed him on the spot, leading to chaos in his own forces, we'd have fulfillment on his father's warning that acting like a rabid dog would have consequences.  Instead, the Bolton forces are perfectly loyal and merciless, down to the shield wall tactics that the Starks weirdly allowed to set up.
Except the point of the story isn't that Jon Mary sues his way to a win, or that he's a great leader who wins despite the odds.\n\nRamsay DID author his own demise, and did so with a big mistake that came back to bite him.  He mistreated Sansa.  Roose Bolton told him not to do it, and he did, and Sansa became the agent of his destruction.\n\nThis was Sansa's war, not Jon's.  And Sansa won that war.  Ramsay's men turning on him wouldn't have been Sansa winning that war.
I cannt agree enough. That fight was predictable. Surprise does not equal good, sure, but that's not what people are saying. Instead, predictable is bad is a better way of putting it.\n\nI haven't been surprised by this show for a long time. It used to be complex, with cause and effect which ended up with surprising results because of the richness of the narrative. Small details would later be revealed to be huge dominoes. Now it feels like there are so many stories at once that the minutia is lost and every individual story has become predictable and unsatisfactory. 
Giving that example to show that surprise would be bad is just silly.\n\nYeah, you and me can come up with tons of bad twists to the plot, but I expect that Game of Thrones writers are able to come up with something that would really surprise me and be awesome.\n\nNot saying this episode wasn't great, but I still prefer the Rains of Castamere, Laws of Gods and Men and Hardhome.
The point isn't that surprise is bad, but that surprise isn't inherently good.\n\nPeople want 'surprise' but then feel cheapened when a surprise has no real build up.  Then they get upset when they see the buildup happen before the payoff.\n\nIt's not, critically speaking, a very well founded argument.   It's why critics don't generally rate based on surprise. 
[deleted]
Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye with an arrow.
[deleted]
Thank you, someone gets it. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not only that, but there's GOING to be a price paid. How anyone had a thought other than \"Oh shit, what is Littlefinger going to want out of this?\" is beyond me, because I immediately thought Sansa traded one psychopath for another.\n\nThe whole friggin' reason she didn't tell Jon about it is she KNOWS Jon would have said no to getting help from Baelish. The price would be too high.
Oh no a term wasn't used in the strictest sense of the word. The horror.
Or correctly at all. 
If it's statistical then quality was probably measured by consensus, I'd imagine. If so, it would probably be more accurate to say that IMDB is the best representation of the average audience member.\n\nBecause you really can't measure quality in any other way. 
I believe you have the right idea.
[deleted]
Oh, I know, but you don't always get that. When I first got into the show, I was behind. I was plowing through, and then my brother asked me, \"Have you gotten to the Red Wedding yet?\" I already heard of some other references to the Red Wedding, so when the wedding was coming up I had a bad feeling. With the talk of Arya getting nervous the closer she got to her family, I knew something bad was going to happen to the Starks at that wedding. Despite having an idea, it was still quite the experience. \n\nI didn't know 'Hold the door' was coming, but it wasn't simply the twist that made the scene. It was also the build up, suffering and sacrifice that Hodor made.
Right, but if GoT becomes nothing but twists and turns then they lose all god damn meaning.\n\nSometimes a battle episode really just needs to be a battle. I needs to be well made and horrific, this episode wasn't about the game of thrones with all its twisty turny plots and deception, it was about a small army trying hopelessly to beat a bigger army. It didn't need a plot twist, there was still unpredictability in who from Jon's side would die, and how exactly they would win. Would Sansa swallow her pride and call Baelish for help? Would the Boltons underestimate the Wildlings + Wun Wun? Would Ramsay's men turn on him once team Jono started turning the tide? Just because we knew the outcome doesn't mean we know the journey.\n\nYou can only have so many Hold the Door's and Red Weddings and Vipers vs Mountains before it gets stale. This episode was fantastic pay off for years of building up how much of a shit Ramsay was, and getting the plot moving back towards the threat north of the wall, it did what it needed to do and it did it fucking brilliantly.
Well Hardhome doesn't have to be unpredictable. That episode was a mix of the last desperate stand north of the wall, seeing some White walker action, having some story development and as the other guy said, is very original. \n\nThis episode, while having a satisfying amount of things happen. While being very pretty and well directed. Didn't quite have the same edge. As you said, it wasn't set up to be an unpredictable episode, it was very hinted at having knights of the veil to come in. But that doesn't really excuse anything, it merely says that BOTG didn't set the bar that high, so to speak.\n \nHardhome really stayed with me. The Night King reveal was fucking amazing and left me in awe. The overall feeling of Hardhome and the white walkers was captured perfectly. This episode was great, but it was a simple battle, it had the seemingly inevitable outcome. It was a good episode merely because of the directing in my opinion. The writing felt odd. Piles of corpses were weirdly introduced. Starks army became surrounded even though that is like the death sentence in open combat. The straight run from Ramsey's arrows and the very cliche last moment arrow through the chest. Like the just copied a cliche that was used in the movie In Time, and tbh that movie captured the moment better. The last minute save by Knights of the Veil... any mention of scouting around Winterfell in case an additional army would arrive was there no mention off. 
If BotB was a simple battle, then Hardhome was a simple rescue mission. I love Hardhome, it had a nice supernatural feel to it, and the end with the just the sound of the whirling wind and water with the visuals was hauntingly beautiful. I feel the BotB episode had better scenes leading up to the battle and had a longer, more powerful battle. \n\nWhat was odd about the writing for BotB? As for the battle scene, they studied a number of real life battles and drew from them to create that battle. It was based off of battles during the American Civil War and the encircling of an army from the Battle of Cannae. The last moment arrow from Ramsay was deliberate to create maximum rustling of jimmies for Jon. If he shot him early, then it's much less likely that Jon charges. If Rickon dies right in front of him, then it's much more likely that Jon charges. In Time was a mediocre movie and that scene has a different set of circumstances. Those are different moments.\n\n As for scouting around Winterfell, Ramsay was way overconfident and was focused squarely on Jon's army in front of him. He was so confident that he ordered his archers to fire into their own troops. He's not the most experienced battle commander and he favored a much more aggressive approach to war than a defensive approach or a careful approach involving scouting out around the area. He wanted to smash Jon's army right then and there sending a message to any other Houses who may be looking to disobey him.\n
They could've turned when Smalljon did the whole \"Who owns the North?\" routine. Have the Umbers reply \"the Starks!\". Then Smalljon could say \"The North Remembers\" to Ramsay, and fuck shit up.\n\nOf course, I'm biased because Smalljon was such a badass in the books.
Obviously its hypothetical and we will never know, but to me it seems like that would have been their intent and based on the info at hand (Ramsey clearly winning battle), they made their choice. 
But that kind of move is done in the field of politics. When you are in the battlefield its too late I guess...
Hardhome is great for two reasons; one the fight was so badass, and it was the first time we saw the White Walkers come out and actually show a small part of what they were capable of, and it's absolutely terrifying. \n\nBonus point for that episode: it featured Jon, our favorite main character, getting the strongest of plot armor.
This time we saw what Dragons can do, that's pretty dope.
And it was outta nowhere! We didn't know the White Walkers were about to fuck shit up!
At 29,903 votes it's still 10/10
Now at over 40k votes and still on a perfect score
45,000 votes and counting and still at 10/10 \n
I don't get why people tend to circle jerk and say the episode wasn't as good as it could have been because something they wanted to happen didn't happen.
Which one was that?
Red Wedding dude.
Guys, it really bothers me that we're not finding enough ways to shit on this episode.
...yeah, all the plot twists have dried up since the series overtook the books.
Hodor?
Indeed, the only good plot twists were faithful to the books. Now when they need to come up with new ones, they just repeat the old clich\u00e9s. This only tells me that this producers are shit and bring shame to the work of GRRM.
2 weeks
It just feels weird to me for the characters I like to win. Feels wrong lol.
I disagree, I rate it a 9/10, mostly down to it being predictable.
I don't see why predictable == bad\n\nwould you rate LOTR lower because we all knew Sauron was going to lose from the very beginning?.\n\nSure predictable can be bad when it's done wrong - see Arya's arc last episode which was so predictably bad that people made theories in the hopes that it wouldn't happen, but unpredictable things can also be terrible as well - see sand snakes murder of the entire Martell line.\n\n
You do realise he used Ozymandias by name? Thus, drawing the comparison, but yeah, username checks out.
Eh, I wasn't a fan of theories, wasn't a fan of E8. In E7 she gets stabbed by a trained assassin that wants her dead, I'm assuming this trained assassin knows that stabbing someone in the stomachy area would lead to a very painful and drawn out death and wouldn't miss where the trained assassin was aiming for multiple times.
She wasn't stabbing to kill, she was stabbing to make Arya suffer. Killing would have come later.
Literally any theory was better. The entire arc of the faceless men was about deception and surprise, if you end that arc with no deception or surprise then you done fucked up. We did not see an ending which was appropriate for a group of assassins, we saw one which was appropriate for a group of warrior. The Arya luring the Waif out made more sense, pigs blood made more sense, even fucking Jaquen acting like Arya made more sense that's  how out of character Arya was.\n\nYes, ignored human biology. She was stabbed three times (maybe two) with a blade longer than 5 inches and then jumped into some dirty water before wandering about for a bit then just sitting and waiting to be fixed. After which she was 'fixed' in an indeterminate amount of time and suffered no infection which is plausable but was then capable of doing a series of physically exerting stuns before finally killing someone more skilled than her in combat (sure the dark, the waif can't fight in the dark etc) and then cutting off her face and bringing it, STILL WOUNDED, to the house of black and white. Also she just walked away from this after and we are to assume the magic water healed her though we have never had this foreshadowed.\n\nPeople survive thanks to modern medicine and luck yes, but there were so many extra stresses put on her wounds that no I would not say it is conceivable for her to survive. Going for 'stunt emmy' should not take precedence over suspension of disbelief. Milk of the Poppy is NOT a healing drink, it's more like morphine so all it does is numbs pain and ultimately causes sleep. Qyburn might use magic for all we know, he's shown an interest in the black arts and he's a scientist who has no boundaries. Also how can you compare Arya's stomach wounds being fixed by bandages and herbs by an actress to a scientist who spends a season bringing someone back as what is basically a zombie? \n\nBut she did, we see her looking prepared the in episode 6 when she blows out the candle, she is on the run and she knows it. In the books what you are suggesting would make sense since Arya is repeatedly told she can leave whenever she wants but in the show she doesn't even return the the house of black and white. 
God no, not any theory was better. None made sense and were just thrown out there to be a wild plot twist just for the sake of it or simple fan service (like randomly bringing Syrio back for no reason). The entire arc of the FM was not about deception and surprise. Besides, there was deception and surprise (\"Sweet girl\" and Arya's paranoia that anyone could be the Waif when she came out of the water). The arc was about Arya and not so much the FM. Their arc, which was minor, involves deception, but other things as well such as death is a gift. Arya decided that it was too cold and heartless for her, but hey, that's death. She didn't want to give up her identity and become a robotic assassin. The surprise at the end was that Arya was accepted, but turned Jaqen down. An ending appropriate for a group of assassins? It was just Arya and the Waif, 2 acolytes. The Waif failed her test. \n\nAre you seriously shitting me that pig's blood would have been better? That was possibly the worst theory and it would have made no sense whatsoever. Pretty much everything about it would have been ludicrous. What the fuck good would a pig's blood vest have done if the Waif slit her throat or shot her with a dart or a number of other things? The Waif wouldn't know she stabbed a pouch? \n\nAs for Arya's injury, there are real life survival stories that sound much more unrealistic. And, no, I'm not talking about modern medicine. I'm talking about survival stories where people have been left for dead and are a ways away from modern medicine. I've already stated that I don't like how overboard they went with the chase scene. Milk of the poppy must be one hell of a drug. Sure, maybe she should have bled out on the way to the House of B&W, but it wouldn't make for riveting TV to have to watch her recover before going back. Sure, it took Qyburn a season to bring The Mountain back, but he should have died well before that, but was apparently saved by Qyburn's magic healing ability. Arya got stabbed by a small dagger to the belly while The Mountain was stabbed in the chest with a bigass spear coated with poison.
Which, assuming my geography is right, is some more Viking representation in the show. 
Realism makes the fantasy elements more fantastic. This is why people don't question dragons and rez magic, but have a valid point in asking \"why is Sam still fat\"..
Meh, we've seen Ramsay kill people exactly when he needs to (Roose). No real reason to kill an incapacitated giant, imo. 
Considering Ramsay's chances are pretty much squat at that point, maybe he just wanted to have \"giantslayer\" bragging rights
It was a bit weird but I guess he could have wanted Jon to be pissed enough to kill him on the spot rather than keep him prisoner/torture or whatever. Even though it didn't work it's the best I could guess
He wanted to show that in defeat he can still hurt Jon.  His plan was to survive and then start torturing once he escaped; he literally did not count on dogs turning against him.
Why are you comparing it to Harry Potter? Compare it to earlier seasons of Game of Thrones, where not many characters had plot armor and ANYTHING could happen. Now in this episode, you KNEW Jon snow was gonna live and Ramsay was gonna die, so all the drama involving Jon being trampled was ruined because you knew he wasn't going to die. This show has definitely gotten worse in writing and cliche-ness (like Littlefinger showing up at the absolutely PERFECT time to save the day). The cinematography and everything was great, but the overall plot and tension has gotten more boring than the earlier seasons. 
Snow could also have died here and again resurrected by Mellisandre.
Anything being possible is not required for a good story. It still played out well, they laid the groundwork for what was going to happen. And even if Sansa didn't send the letter or LF didn't say he was going up I would have assumed something would save Jon. I was still glued to the screen wondering who would make it and if everyone on Ramsay's side would die for him or maybe run off. 
Yeah I mean its not like Jon has ever died right?
And got resurrected, no? Or you mean that people were worried that he might die and then get resurrected and come back and fight again?
Was this your reaction before ned died too? Or Oberyn? Or Robb? Game of thrones isn't liek a normal fantasy movie. People die at unexpected times, just like Duran (?) died together with that badass bodyguard everyone expected a story on.
I was shocked when Ned, Oberyn and Robb died. But I wasn't shocked when Jon died because I was a 110% certain he would make it back. Just like whenever Dany is knocking at death's door. I think the author has a plan for them in the extreme end-game of the books, and thus I believe they'll make their way out.\n\nI was shocked when Doran died too, but more because of the shitty writing of Dorne more than anything else :D
Yeah. People get so worked up about predictability and plot armour and stuff that they forget about what actually went into their eyeholes. Jon nearly died.
Jon nearly died like 5 times too.
No he didn't. It was clear that he would make it, it was clear that they would be saved be the vale cav.\n\nJon lead his army horribly, by all rights they should have perished on the battlefield. Ramsey might be a fucking cunt, but he is 3 times the strategist. Of course WunWun dies in the dumbest way possible, he costs too much and is practicable. This show is now standard tv writing.
But there were points where we were like \"fuuuuuuuuuuck\" during this episode.  
> Point 12, I will reiterate for JohnnyCwtb that Sansa was THERE when Ramsey spoke about the dogs.\n\nNo, she left just before that, after telling him to \"sleep well\".\n
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2959 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/13040)
Yeah but an assistant grip doesn't count. /s
Then maybe you shouldn't.\n
It's nothing to do with time. They need to cross the entire north to get there. It's a giant ass army marching through towns and villages and past keeps and no-one told Ramsay. It's nonsense.
They could've gotten ships to White Harbour and then marched north. It's not like many of the lords have reason to alert Ramsay
Correct. Ramsay's hold on the North was precarious as best.
It's not like the arrows were aimed at him, all he did was avoid a completely random death. I'm not sure why everyone seems to take issue with main characters not dying form random events. Sure it's plot armor, but plot armor is an essential part of good storytelling. GoT is about very specific deaths resulting as consequences for poor actions - there's nothing particularly tragic or revealing about Jon being one of the handful of guys who got shot full of arrows just because he *could* have been one of the guys shot full of arrows. \n\nI think the reason people keep bringing it up is because they saw the arrows but didn't worry that they might hurt Jon, which took some of the tension out. I get that. But I don't think I would change anything. The arrows did a lot to add to the chaos of the scene (brilliantly done), and despite his plot armor I legitimately feared for Jon being trampled. 
It's because he rushed into those arrows just like that and alone. So at first all arrow were aimed at him. Arrows were flying everywhere behind him, under him, in front of him, except that one spot where he currently was. I have no problem that he did not suffocate or any other stuff. I understand that he is main character and he will survive more then probability would suggest, but this event was over the top. I also understand that because he is main character he won't die or he will die at the end, but showing that nothing will ever happen to him when he is totally asking for it cheapens the story IMO. \n\n> issue with main characters not dying form random events\n\nThere is a difference between character riding somewhere and suddenly tree fall down because of being old and kills him. Or his horse stumbles on normal road when riding average speed somewhere and character breaks his neck. That is random death. And then there is a scene where character go up on some very high cliff and jumps down (which no one should survive) and survives. That is just dumb. What Jon did was the latter example, not the former. 
Except that they keep saying the Lord of Light \"has a plan\" for Jon Snow. If you watch under the assumption Jon is actually under some kind of divine protection, it explains all the incredible strokes of luck he experienced on the battlefield. Escaping arrows, horses, having others take hits for him, escaping suffocation. They went overboard to show us that he should have died over and over and yet he keeps escaping death. GoT style is that characters die when their death better serves the plot than keeping them around.
Yeah, I am aware of that. But exactly going overboard with showing us that nothing can happen to him is annoying me. Making it clear that main character is pretty much invincible is not exactly good writing imo. Plus don't forget that Lord of Light can be just made up. 
That's actually a pretty huge deal. It's the very first time we see Sansa *actually* playing the game, and it had nothing to do with dying her hair black and suddenly becoming Darth Sansa nonsense.
This was always inevitable with GoT, white walkers vs. westeros was always going to be a thing eventually.
The Rickon scene wasn't Ramsey being evil just to be evil, it was psychological manipulation.  He got Jon to completely abandon his strategy with it.  It was Ramsey out-mindgaming Jon.\n\nI have no idea what you're talking about with the second moment.  After Wun Wun died Ramsey just started shooting Jon with arrows, I'm not sure why you're classifying that as \"Ramsey does something shockingly evil.\"  The main point of that scene was to show how much Jon had lost control.\n\nHonestly, you're oversimplifying things to such an absurd level it almost feels like you're trying not to enjoy the episode or just not paying attention.
Fair enough. 
At least he's getting to fuck something.
Unlucky mate cheer up
That's a very good point. Also, Sansa likely still believes in an after-life, and Jon knows that in their universe there isn't one. Not that that made much of a difference, but it is something I just thought about.
That is an interesting comparison.\n\nRickon is young, and for him to die and become nothing is just unfair and cruel to him now. Jon can see something that no one else can at that moment, which makes it even more special that he tries saving him.
You don't think if you saw your last living brother (so you thought) running from a guy who you know is going to try and kill him that you wouldn't do everything you could to try and save him, no matter how low the odds are you will? \nI definitely would. It would be tough to live with myself if I didn't at least try. 
Him charging into the Bolton's army alone had nothing to do with saving his brother, he was already dead. 
I just can't take too much shaky cam, makes me feel nauseated. But as a metaphor for Jon's experiences it does work.\n\nI just hope it was added for the right reasons, not because every major action movie does it these days. Or to hide CGI and bad cuts. 
You should try watching the Inside the Episode. It gives a lot of insight. 
Fuck, that was awesome. 
This is it, Ramsay is a sadist, he likes to play with his food. Killing Jon at that point although the logical solution there would be totally out of character for him.\n\nCharacters in GoT don't always act perfectly rationally, that's one of it's biggest strengths, humans are inherently emotional creatures and do stupid shit sometimes.
But what is his goal? To be warden of the north? Then you don't execute you only ward/hostage. Why do you think throughout the show they kept Theon/Sansa/Edmure/kingslayer alive? 
What would he need a hostage for? If he had won the battle there would be no one left to oppose him and he would have had the full support of the north. The rest of the Starks and everyone who supported them would be dead and no one would care about Rickon. Also like Sansa said in the episode he was never going to survive since him being a Stark would threaten Ramsey's claim to the north. Everything Ramsey did made perfect sense
I'm inclined to slightly disagree with you on this. Battles pre-gunpowder especially were not particularly clean things. It would have been wildly out of character for Jon to be stoic in a battle. Furthermore, one of the upsides of Jon's leadership styles is his men rallying to him. So yes, it does make sense that his men would try to save him if they saw him in trouble.\n\n
I had no probably with Jon's cleanliness or his stoicism, it was how he blithely dove headlong into an obvious trap.
I agree with you there! Beautifully shot and some amazing action scenes but some pretty dodgy tactics just for entertainments sake which was disappointing. \nStill very much enjoyed it. Just not the #1 best episode/battle on TV/movies like people are preaching it to be.
> some pretty dodgy tactics\n\nSuch as?
Jon was literally risen from the dead by,  some force clearly wants him alive,  the red woman even said as much... It's ploy armour,  but his plot armour as an in world explanation. 
If it makes you feel better, you could imagine that Jon's soldiers are intentionally protecting him. It's chaos, certainly, but if any of them notice him on the battlefield, they may try to come to him to help, and if they see someone about to kill him, they'll try to intervene.\n\nBy the same token, Ramsay's soldiers will probably prioritize him, but most of them have never seen him before today, and only at a distance, so you could suppose that they'll be worse at targeting him.
I imagine it's because he's now the chosen one azor ahai. The red gods protecting him.
when did that happen? I don't remember that from either 1st or the 2nd season. Too bad it got cancelled after just 2 seasons
Cancelled?
Yes.
Always experimenting to find new ways to save people!\n\nFor this one though, it didn't work. It did not work...
Haven't you heard? No one is. Maybe that's why he took away trial by combat...
\"As long as I don't get laid, the rest of you can't have any fun either!\"
Arya is fucking Tommen?!
Fuck the Hypeslayer, first of his name.
To save Jon Snow, the leader who led them through so much.
He was an idiot and ruined his own plan
**WAAAGH!**
YOU DISGUSTING GREEN SKINS WILL BE PURGED IN THE NAME OF THE EMPEROR! ANGELS GUIDE MY BLADE THROUGH THESE XENOSCUM!
THA HUMIES HAVE GOTT'N BIGGA!
There's so much that he could've done, but I guess hindsight is 20/20.
It also deserves mentioning, if Ramsay hadn't fired arrows into his own men, he might've had enough to hold back Littlefinger. He had twice the men of Jon, so he inevitably killed more of his own men than Jon's in that volley.
Possibly... but House Bolton and the remnants of some houses aren't an army on the same order as the entire Vale.
The problem is that GRRM is notorious for stockpiling [Chekov's Guns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) in his writing, and the expectation was that that would continue in the show.  Instead, we've seen a dozen of them simply sit on the mantelpiece unfired.  It's a testament to Martin's writing that the show team has simply been unable or unwilling to keep up with his attention to detail.
TIL the word for that trope. Good to know.\n\nAlso thanks for the insight, i think that's exactly what the show has been missing the past two seasons. The only content we see is what relates to upcoming scenes and arcs, which can make the storylines feel obvious.
I'm just saying that GoT has shown time and time again how good they are with the twists. And the surprising episodes are just insane (like the ones I mentioned). So one episode that just let's everything play out as expected at face value, it's hard for me to put it up there with those other episodes.\n\nAlso, unexpected twists are what defines GoT. With other movies/shows/books the twists are far apart and you expect the good guys to win in the expected old fashioned way and you can accept that. But GoT has conditioned us differently.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I would say he was tied for first with Rickon.
A lot of people take the stories at face value.  Sansa saying they need more men, and then not offering up the Vale?  She must not have the Vale.  \n\nI mean I'm definitely with you, beating my head because, to me it seems obvious.  But I also watched last night's next to friends who literally said, \"oh FUCK\" when the knights of the vale showed up, so they definitely exist.
You're being pedantic
>If he shot him early, then it's much less likely that Jon charges. If Rickon dies right in front of him, then it's much more likely that Jon charges. In Time was a mediocre movie and that scene has a different set of circumstances. Those are different moments.\n\nDifferent circumstances well ofcourse fucking different, one is a sci fi movie, other is a fantasy show. But I'd argue they use the same cliche. I get Ramsey wanted to get him out but it doesn't make the shot of rickon getting shot just as they're about to grab each other less cliche. I know In Time is a mediocre movie, that makes it even worse.\n\n>I feel the BotB episode had better scenes leading up to the battle and had a longer, more powerful battle.\n\nYeah it was definitely more, of a battle so to speak. But Hardhome did what it set out to do perfectly in my opinion. It captured the moment of a village getting rushed down. BOTG was great yes, especially the scene with Snow just cutting down left and right, captured the war perfectly. But overall I think Hardhome had less flaws. BOTH was great, but outcome felt kind of inevitable, you were just hoping it to end in a different way than getting saved in the last moment of Knights of the Veil and I felt like the directing didn't really make the corpse wall a viable thing. The surrounding was just me nitpicking, forget that, that was ok, especially since Stark side were low number and a bunch of wildlings that aren't much for tacs, even though I feel like someone should've said something. It wasn't what got me out of the moment, what got me out of the moment was the inevitable \"well this will be solved by knights of the veil coming\" ... more desperate attempts from Tormund & Co \"still waiting\" *horn blows* \"Oh okay now they come\". Moments like that is what for me takes me out of the episode. It's not a big flaw but it is what keeps the episode from being that above great.\n\n>As for scouting around Winterfell, Ramsay was way overconfident and was focused squarely on Jon's army in front of him. He was so confident that he ordered his archers to fire into their own troops. He's not the most experienced battle commander and he favored a much more aggressive approach to war than a defensive approach or a careful approach involving scouting out around the area. He wanted to smash Jon's army right then and there sending a message to any other Houses who may be looking to disobey him.\n\nWell you have no idea what Ramsay thought. Only the writers know that, so basically you just speculate. Yes Ramsay was overconfident and needed to send a message, HENCE leaving Winterfell. But firing arrows on his own men isn't overconfidence, it's just strategy. One man for Ramsey counted less than 1 man for Snow. I mean I am nitpicking here as well but Ramsey should've had scouts. Knights of the veil is a huge army, it is led by the nephew of Catelyn Stark. If it was real life, I kind of feel like someone, just an advisor, would've maybe suggested that someone might keep an eye on the knights of the veil or atleast in the area around Winterfell.\n\n\n
Complaining about it being a cliche is a cliche. It was done in a way that made sense, so I don't see the problem. Nor do I understand why you're trying to compare it to In Time. You can only compare them by taking things out of context. I liked the Knights of the Vale showing up for the save. You could call *that* a cliche, though. However, I felt it was more fitting than the other times they've done it on the show (Tyrell/Lannister army showing up at the end of the BotBW, and Stannis' army showing up to save Jon and the NW from the wildlings). \n\nAnd yes, you can have an idea how Ramsay thought. There are cues from the show that gave you an idea into his thinking. Firing arrows into his own men is certainly overconfidence. Call it an overconfident strategy if you want. Also, it's \"Vale\" and not \"Veil\". Ramsay wouldn't be so wary of LF considering he brought him his wife.
Thanks
Yeah, I like that idea. Kill off an entire race.
Ramsey killed Wun Wun to proc his passive: \"On killing or flaying, gain 100% smug.\"
>Anything being possible is not required for a good story. \n\nIt's what made Game of Thrones popular, it's what it made it fresh and unique amongst dozens of other \"sword and sorcery\" works of fiction. You can't blame people for knocking last night's episode down a few pegs with how predictable it was that there was going to be a Knights of Rohan moment with Littlefing (and a rather contrived one at that).
The thing is, Jon has already done a *lot*, it's not extra-ordinary to think he might die, especially in a show like game of thrones. 
I'll admit, I kinda cheated with having read the books up to that point and the way he goes down in the book kind of strongly indicates that we haven't seen the last of him.\n\nEDIT: With that said, you are right. His story arc could well have ended with how they ran it in the show.
You only think Jon didn't almost die because you know that he has plot armour. How do we know that? Because the TV is (mostly) following the books. At some point, we won't know who can do what.\n\nWunWun took like 30 arrows man. It's called blood loss.
this is all the tv show now, in the books jon is dead after getting stabbed by his fellow crows and we don't know what happens after
Jesus fuck, man. \n\nI'm not inviting you to my watch party.
Good idea. If you just want mindless fun without things making sense if you think about em, you are better off without me.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1438 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26220)
I think the crew work on GoT is fantastic, but it doesn't mean their insights into the show's writing are all that great. \n\nI thought No One had some of the best writing this season, but the Director made some really funky choices in terms of tone. Further, the fact that he wasn't aware he was evoking T2 or The Godfather makes me really question how well he understands his audience or film in general. \n
They're willing to fight and die for him but sending a letter, well jeez that's where we cross the line.\n
At that point he had to charge forward. Look where the arrows landed when he charged forward: behind him. Ramsay initially anticipated Jon might try and return to his army and had his archers aim appropriately. Jon's only way to survive at that moment was to charge forward.
Man, it's like he got goaded and hasn't shown himself to be the most emotionally regulated character on the show.
I understand emotion, but to disregard all vestiges of sensibility and the lives of the men following him, for what couldn't be a more obvious ploy by Ramsay, come on GOT is better than that.  I did enjoy the episode, I just don't think it was as good as many are clamoring it to be.  \n\nEpisode 10 has a ton going on and should be a fun ride though, I'm sure there will be plenty to digest going into the off-season hibernation
The Stark men tend to put honor and duty above all else except love/emotion/passion. Ned with John and his false confession in King's Landing. Rob with the Vonlantis chick. John with Ygritte and charging into battle. Even Bran and his love of curiosity. \n\nIt's the Stark fatal flaw - duty and honor of the wolf, with the passion of the wolf.\n\nBesides, this wasn't master strategist Rob in command. The battle *had* to go different, else we'd not see any contrast with his brother. John would just be Rob 2.0. 
Such as there being none for Jon's army. Sansa not telling Jon about the Vale and then them showing up at just the right moment.\n\nRamsey surrounding them with his shield/pikemen and then just staring at them while the Karstarks decide to jump into the melee for no reason. (You can say Ramsey was toying with them etc I suppose).\n\nAlso that pile of dead bodies was ridiculous. Yeah they'd be piling on top of each other but that was something else.
> Such as there being none for Jon's army\n\nAll tactics went out the window once Jon took on the Bolton army himself. Jon fell for Ramsey's trap and gave his men no choice but to charge straight at the Boltons.\n\n> Sansa not telling Jon about the Vale and then them showing up at just the right moment.\n\nNothing with Littlefinger is ever a coincidence. He had scouts watching the battle waiting for the perfect time to swoop in and save the day. If he had joined any earlier he would have lost far more men for no reason.\n\n> Ramsey surrounding them with his shield/pikemen and then just staring at them\n\nNot sure what you mean by this. The pikemen were taking steps forward every few seconds to constrict the Wildlings and cause a crush. It was working perfectly until the Knights of the Vale arrived. As for the Karstarks they are known to be fierce warriors and probably just wanted to be in the action\n\n> Also that pile of dead bodies was ridiculous\n\nYeah I can agree with that but there thousands of men fighting in a pretty small area so it's not really impossible. \n\n
Ummm, how about a full scale charge into an enemy force that is 3 or 4 times your size and has a defensible position.  It was pure suicide, and only worked because the riders of rohan magically appeared at the last moment to save the day.  Davos explicitly states the night before how they have to goad Ramsay into attacking them, so they can be on the defensive and prevent the Boltons from reaching their flanks.  \n\nGOT has done massive battle sequences superbly in the past: Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall (and stannis afterwards) were all fantastic and left this episode in the dust.  Again, I still thought it was good I just think they could have gotten the same conclusion in a much better and realistic way.  
It's not like no one realised it was a terrible plan, just that they'd already done everything in their power to get more men. Jon knew they couldn't wait any longer with the White Walkers coming and even tried to settle it another way by attempting to get Ramsey to fight him 1v1. I agree the plan was poor but the show made it pretty clear there wasn't much alternative
You obviously haven't visited /r/Arrow in a while.
Yep. It was actually cancelled midway through Season 3. Then they replaced it with some CW romantic crap called *Felicity and Friends*.
That's the joke.
Yeah after the first season actually I don't know what /u/ohwellhell is talking about
Tom, C'mon. 2nd season was great
I honestly thought this was what they meant....\n
He followed his instincts and emotions. Who wouldn't rush up to save his own brother? \n\nMy only problem is that Rickon should've said, \"you didn't say how to run\" and wink at Ramsay. Then he proceeds to run in a zig-zag way and makes it to Jon, escaping on horseback.
>Who wouldn't rush up to save his own brother?\n\nI think your army is more important than your brother. He literally almost lost the fight because of that mistake. If it weren't for the Littlefinger jumbojet arriving at winterfell.
Fair enough, I don't really know much about the houses and their armies, just thought it was interesting that he killed people that could've helped him. I loved his character. Completely ruthless and fucking insane.
Yeah, I expect that's why GRRM has had such a hard time writing the rest of the series - he's going to start having to resolve plot threads rather than generate new ones (e.g. the Whitehaven rebellion, the Golden Company, Moquorro and Victarion, etc) and that means firing off a few from his arsenal.  Since the showrunners only have 11 episodes left, they're trying to resolve all the plots ASAP and losing the extra details and subtleties that made the first four seasons and the books so much fun.  \n\nIMO it's what's underlying all the theories about Smalljon Umber and Jaqen!Arya the last few episodes, that expectation of attention to detail (there's good and subtle evidence for The Great Northern Conspiracy in the books) and inconsistency.  
You don't need a twist, but a story where you can't see where the ending is going is infinitely better than one that telegraphs it from the start. Take Dany's bit. Based on last episode, everything that happened was a forgone conclusion. We didn't need to have it shown, although I'm glad we were. Likewise, it would have been better a) if the battle hadn't of had that same ending that every battle in the show has, and b) if it wasn't obvious that Baelish was going to turn up. And this is ignoring ideas like GNC. Would it not have been better if the Umbers had joined Jon mid Battle? Twists aren't always good, but surprises are generally better for storytelling than the obvious.
Yes, but we know that in the books, Arya will not die. George said so. Regardless, Mel specifically says \"maybe he brought you here to die again\". Jon gasps for breath in a pile of bodies. We didn't even know that Sansa wrote to LF. These are all assumptions because we've been guessing the plot for a decade. We've made ourselves almost immune to surprise.
No. It's just now the most obvious solution is probably the right one.
> if you want to watch TV without a pretentious loser bitching about predictability and the books, you are better off without me.
Yeah, using your brain while watching something sure is fucking pretentious.
[deleted]  \n ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3970 \n > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/12123)
I assumed you meant you worked \"in the industry\" in a way that was relevant to the writing, my bad. \n\nI agree with you on the delineation of roles, you clearly know what you're talking about there, but when you talk about \"tone\" you're talking about broad strokes, I'm talking about small decisions, like the look on Ayra's face when she's walking up to the bridge. \n\nI totally agree that Ayra behaving overconfident is a writing decision, I just don't think that it was a bad writing decision. I believe it was the direction that caused her to come off as stupid, not careless/overconfident. \n\nSimilarly, I think the severity of the stab wounds was a bigger mistake than just writing that she was stabbed (I don't have a problem with), and I think more could have been done in the editing room to demonstrate that time had passed - people were thinking that she healed overnight when it was probably closer to several weeks. \n\nI agree with you abotu the Blackfish, I didn't like that deviation from the books, although I had to admit it's consistent with the character we've seen in the show. \n\nI believe she earned the title \"No One\" by defeating The Waif. The fact that she then choose to be Ayra is a related, but separate issue. I'm not sure why so many people struggled with that, so I'll admit that it could have been more clear, but I never had a problem with it. \n\n
He'd just seen his brother murdered. People aren't known for caring about sensibility mere seconds after witnessing the deaths of loved ones, especially when the killer is so close. 
As Sansa said the night before he should have been fully prepared to witness Rickon die (Ramsay must also be the greatest archer to ever live to make that shot.  Of course he couldn't hit Jon while he stood in the same spot but, ya know, plot armor).  Jon has gone through, and witnessed, more pain and suffering than almost anybody in the GOT universe.  He certainly should have been able to place himself above the ridiculous all for nothing sprint into death when the future of the North, and arguably all of Westeros, hung in the balance.
I respectfully disagree. Honestly, it seemed to start getting worse each episode... like pilot was 10/10 the episode after that 9/10.. idk that was just my impression and the closer it got to \"magic\" and steered away from realism the worse it got
2nd season had great plotlines, Laurel's alcoholism, Roy's transformation, Oliver trying to honour Tommy's legacy, Moira being great as always, it had some problems of course, but it was overall such a great season. Especially when it's compared to Felicity and Friends
That's very true. I believe that few inexperienced commanders would just watch his own brother get shot. Jon Snow is no experienced commander. He is a good leader, but has little experience in commanding an army. 
Really? Jon being surrounded and crushed, yet surviving, is obvious if we forget about the meta? Shit man, he, instead of Rickon, could've been shot by Ramsay. Could've been sliced by the cavalry. Shot by the archers on Winterfell. Crushed. Speared.\n\nCan you think of anything that would make you actually fear for Jon's life? I doubt it. Even if he was stabbed repeatedly, you'd think 'he'll survive this, he has plot armour'.
The suspension of disbelieve was ripped away from me by how horrible the battle was going. Jon made almost every mistake in the book. It annoyed me so much that I couldn't just \"go with it\" and be immersed. The moment immersion breaks you start thinking, the moment you think you can't honestly fear for him.\n\nHe was standing in the middle of an arrow shower, yet everything missed him. That's fucking Arnold Schwarzenagger in Commando levels of plot armor.\n\nFear for a character has to be earned by a show and GoT lost that trust this season. If Arya can survive a trained killers attempt at her life after getting stabbed into her stomach 3 times. What actual fear can I have for Jon?
If you do meta, you cannot be surprised by anything that happens to Jon unless he is like, beheaded. George even said someone correctly predicted the ending to the books. We have been predicting things for an entire decade. There is no way around this.
I'm not saying it wasn't stupid, just that it made sense for his character. Being killed by his own brothers at Castle Black really seemed to affect him mentally and he seemed much more apathetic after that. I think the scene with Melisandre before the fight showed that he'd already accepted he was going to die and even told her not to revive him again after the fight. In my opinion after seeing Rickon die and knowing that he was already heavily outnumbered he just stopped caring and wanted it to be over, hence charging straight at the enemy
Hmm, I hated the last episodes of the first season where it becomes hardcore sci-fi. Laurel is to me even more annoying than felicity, so I really don't like her alcoholism plot line. Roy is cool..yeah. Moira? who?
Do people not like Felicity on reddit? She's my favorite character.
Most of the people used to like her. However, in 3rd season when Olicity actually became a thing, she transformed into a whiny, illogical hypocrite. She just keeps crying and judging everyone, all the time. For instance this season, she broke up with Oliver because he lied to her about his son, even though literally in a previous episode she told Donna that people sometimes have to lie to protect someone, for the greater good. It's really more of a problem with bad and inconsistent writing and focusing on Felicity more than characters who should be in the focus of a Green Arrow adaptation (Oliver, Roy and Laurel). 
Ffs.\n\nThe point of it was that Jon had a plan, and it was a good plan, but as soon as Rickon showed up, the plan went out the window.\n\nSansa accepted Rickon as dead before the battle began, and SHE had a plan, and she knew Jon was too emotional to execute.\n\nThe point isn't that Jon won.  Jon did NOT win.\n\nSansa won, by playing the game.\n\nThat is the fucking point, and if you are going into this episode without talking about Sansa you are not talking about this episode.
Sansas actions make hardly any sense, why did she not tell him that they vale riders would likely come to their aid? With that knowledge they could have grinded the bolton army to dust by having the vale riders block the path to  winderfell.\n\nSansa won by going crying to littlefinger and letting Jon win her battle for her. Rickon died cause he doesn't know what running forward and slightly to the right makes him a harder target to hit (also plot convenience)\n\nJon did not die even though he 100% should have cause plot armor.
>Jon made almost every mistake in the book.\n\nYes. Jon made mistakes, like a real human being who has a chance to save his little brother. It's called emotion.\n\n>He was standing in the middle of an arrow shower, yet everything missed him.\n\nI imagine that Ramsay told them not to shoot Jon, because Ramsay wants to play with Jon on his own (raping Sansa in front of him, etc). It can also be interpreted as R'Hollor needing him.
Wow.\n\nSansa didn't tell Jon because she didn't trust Jon to do what was needed.  And Jon showed trust in him was unwarranted by not listening to Sansa AND not listening to his own plan!  Sansa as well has grown distrustful in general, based on her experiences.  She isn't opening up to anyone and has become very hardened.  Why WOULD she automatically trust Jon?  Having other people call the shots has only ended in misery.  She wants to call the shots so she can feel in control.  Had Jon shown a bit of sense and said 'Now is not the time to act, we are not ready.' Sansa probably would have trusted him.  She sees Jon as impetuous and willing to throw away his life for a cause, a martyr.  She doesn't want a martyr, she wants to come out on top and in control.\n\nShe won by manipulating Littlefinger.  She knows Littlefinger has a thing for her, and she can use that to get him to turn on the Boltons.  Baelish isn't the one with the power in their interactions any more, the season earned that.\n\nSo, she didn't 'cry to Baelish' she summoned him.\n\nShe knew Rickon was going to die, and that Ramsay was going to use Rickon against them.  And that it would work.  She TOLD Jon this would happen.  \n\nThis episode was about Jon fighting, but about Sansa WINNING.  Jon SHOULD be dead but Sansa saved him through her playing the game.  That's why she gets the victory closet at the end.  She earned it.
> Sansa didn't tell Jon because she didn't trust Jon to do what was needed.\n\nWhat does that even mean? Needed to do what? Win the battle? Fight the battle? He was ready for the battle, he wanted it so fast he didn't even wait properly, how is not telling him about the vale knights an advantage for Sansa, it only lowers her chance of victory.\n\n>She won by manipulating Littlefinger.\n\nShe didn't manipulate him at all, he freely offered the knights to her the first time, she rejected and later asked for them again. There was no manipulation going on. Are you even watching the show? What the fuck are you talking about.\n\nYou have no idea what you are talking about.
Jon couldn't be trusted to execute Jon's plan.  Seriously, didn't you notice that?  Did you take a piss when Jon was explaining the plan and then Rickon shows up and Jon goes fuck the plan and runs out into a slaughter?\n\nDid you not notice that seen of Jon being trampled and suffocating because he's in a situation that is literally over his head?\n\nDid you not watch the scene where Sansa and LF talked and Sansa was the one in control?  LF didn't put Sansa in a position where she needed him, this wasn't his plan.  Sansa found LFs one weakness (her) and exploited it.  And Sansa has leverage over Petyr,  as she is the one who can remove Baelish from his position in the Vale. \n\nSansa won that war.  Not Jon.
Plot armour is not being able to die on your own. Sansa *saved* Jon. Jon didn't magically survive because he's Jon.
i mean i liked the episode but i think it is way over hyped on this sub i was honestly expecting to come here and see a lot of complaining but instead half the comments were saying it was the best thing of all time that has ever existed on TV.\n\nwhich is surprising to me because honestly i think there have been better GoT episodes aired than this one
Yeah I'm not saying it's 10/10 TV, just that initial reactions are from people who sat at home on the couch all Sunday rocking back and forth looking a blank TV all day until they start refreshing their Apple TV every 20 seconds until the new episode is available on HBO Now. I would assume these are the types that overreact....OMG BEST EVER 22/10 STARS, WTF IMDB WHY CANT I RATE IT HIGHER, IT WAS SOOOO GOOD.
What episode did you have in mind?
I have found this to be by far the best series and loved every episode except this one that I thought was crap. I went on a rant about it above
It just depends on what sort of affect you're looking for the show to have on you. This was the most emotionally immersive episode I've ever seen, and part of it could have been the action, but I think also because it stuck with just two story lines and getting a lot of singular characters' screen time rather than jumping from city to city and only getting 10 minutes per character.
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
I'm pretty sure that's grounds for eviction. Call your landlord and get a new roommate. He'll understand
grounds for ~~eviction~~murder
Argh, I almost downvoted you for how much I disliked his comment.
[deleted]
They wasted too much time on it. I would've been much happier for it to cut away to the sandsnakes right after Jon charged, and then after a 10 minute scene of Dorne it cuts back to Jon standing over a beaten up Ramsey.
The Sandsnakes are inexplicably in Winterfell. They assassinate Jon while he stands over Ramsay's bloodied body. They hiss at Sansa and call her a bitch. They teleport away.
Oh my god, you're a monster. You're actually a bigger monster than Ramsey. 
Yeah, and fuck the TOJ flashbacks, I want Bran to show us Oberyn taking Obara to court.
Nice troll 10/10
I literally scowled until I got to \"sandsnakes\" and then started laughing. 
Beware. They are back for the next episode. They are on the cast list. 
I'd rage.
They are in the cast for the next episode.
OMG I miss the sisters so much, the highlight of this season so far!\n\n/s
Don't show him Blackwater then
I believe you meant your ex-roommate.
[deleted]
Schroedinger's Critic
I wanna downvote your roommate, please pass that along
This is like complaining the water is too wet and the desert is too dry
My friend called it fan service.
Me to your roommate: \"I don't like how you're still drawing breath.\"
I'm only willing to forgive the episode the time it spent *not* on the battle because it was so great to see the dragons burning the Master's fleet.
There are always those people who pretend like they have a critique look that is just more mighty and holly than everyone else...
really annoying when self annointed critics try channeling reality tv food critics on Yelp!
I bet he didn't like The Return of the King. 
Not enough Sand Snakes
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U
feed him to the hounds
I'm guessing he didn't see the battle at the wall episode from season 4
Can your roommate read? The episode is literally called 'Battle of the Bastards', what on earth was he expecting?
Tell your roommate you wanna play a game. Get a bow ready.
I didn't like it when the wildlings attacked Castle Black but that's mostly because the battle wasn't as epic as I had thought it would be. This one though I was so happy with. The entire time it was raw power and death everywhere and I kind of wish they had given it more time.
you have a roommate problem. 
And then you frogged his arm so hard he's still rubbing it and going \"Owwww\"
Fuck sake there is always something 
but it was only half the episode 
your roommate is a dumb idiot. they do that shit like every season!
I also get bored after like 15 minutes of battle. Fortunately, this one had a *lot* going on and was really well done (crush scene, etc).\n\nBut I still prefer episodes like S4E1 which begins with reforging Ned's sword and the small council, introducing Oberyn, and so on. Subtle, well-written scenes. And humor
Well know you know he takes it in the butt if your ever feeling frisky
Listen, there's only so many minutes of guts and screaming and fast camera movements that some of us can take at once. Hope I didn't miss anything important by skipping 90% of the battle...
You're a talker.
Watch a different show then, and try sounding less smug. You'll asphyxiate if you head goes any farther up you ass.\n\nI'm guessing you don't like Saving Private Ryan either.
it was a pretty shit battle too. \"Oh no this mountain of dead bodies is blocking our only escape\"
They haven't been fed in 7 days (since the previous episode).
We didn't have GoT for 7 days. We were starving. We are the hounds that ended Ramsay. 
Anyone else notice that Sansa rode off before Ramsay said that? Wonder how she knew. \n\n\"So what we're gonna need to do is hold our position and wait for them to attack us. They have greater numbers than us. Ramsay's dogs haven't eaten for 7 days. If we can get his army to charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"Wait was that bit you said in there?\"\n\n\"If they charge us, we'll have the advantage\"\n\n\"No, the bit about his dogs\"\n\n\"They haven't eaten in 7 days\"\n\n\"...and?\"\n\n\"I dunno. Thought it was interesting\"
They're loyal beasts
Most of the fans hadn't had a *real* episode in 14 days. 
\"Jon snow is an idiot if I had been leading an inferior army to retake my home and Ramsey killed my brother I would have felt no emotion what so ever\"
Easy to say when you're not watching your little brother get shot in the back when you're seconds from grabbing him
Well he isn't a Stark. This was a classic Stark move. 
It's a valid criticism. Jon Snow trying to 1v1 Ramsay's army wasn't just dumb, it was the dumbest thing that's happened in the entire show. 
I mean, I loved the episode as a fan of the show and a fan of great action, but it wasn't necessarily the best episode ever. This was more of a show piece for the action capabilities of the show.
If you only look at directing and cinematography it was the best episode imo, but it wasn't the most well-written one.
I have to agree. Hardholme, Rains and The Climb still stand out to me years after, there was just something about those episodes. Even this season I thought E5-7 are extremely strong episodes. Thing is, GoT has set the bar SOOOO HIGH that even an episode as good as this just seems par for the course.\n\nBe happy they didn't sneak in any Sand Snakes =P
I think that if this shows retains a 10 that would give confidence for HBO to spend even more money on the last season. Because you know somewhere they give out a budget for each season, and the producers were like fuck it, let's spend 30% of the budget on one episode. Not wise spending, but it could pay off. \n\nI think in terms of action, this is the best one yet. As an episode for development, it finally concluded a few things that have been brewing in past seasons. Daenerys has her fleet, army, and grown dragons (or at least early adult) and is now ready to march. The Starks are back in charge of Winterfell and the main stopping force (Boltons) are dead, some unification of the North is still needed, but for the most part the large antagonist of the North is dead. And because of the turmoil in Kings Landing, the Lannisters are too busy to deal with what's going up North. Meaning, that for the most part the North is almost back to where it first started in S1. \n\nI mean there wasn't much story, but a lot of plot points got finished up. 
Absolutely this!! 
My one issue with this episode that to some degree it was almost \"too violent to be cathartic\" and also rather predictable in everything that happened.\n\nIf I didn't spend time talking to my friends loads and thinking about the show loads then maybe this wouldn't have been the case but quite simply I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight. \n\nAlso it might just be me but some of the scripting was a bit cliche, the whole \"no you misunderstand we're here to negociate your surrender\" and Tormund not understanding basic tactics in the comical way he does was a bit eh. Maybe I just look for too gritty an experience throughout every single encounter in the show but it doesn't make me dislike the show at all really.\n\nThe scene at Mereen was nice to watch but felt a little like it was just flexing its CGI muscles and acting as fan service to those wanting to see action from the dragons. \n\nI'd still rate the episode like at least 8.5/10 because it was very entertaining but that doesn't mean I don't have some gripes with it.
>I saw this episode (before having seen it) as: the episode where Ramsey and Rickon die and where the Eyrie comes to the rescue in an unwinnable fight.\n\nI agree with you that it was predictable, but I don't see it necessarily as a bad thing.\n\nGame of Thrones has given us a lot of unpredictable twists and turns, but the thing is that every decision made in the story has consequences. Eventually you make enough unpredictable decisions in the writing that the consequences converge towards certain events that become inescapable. Events that just have to happen for the story to progress in a sensible, cohesive, logical manner.\n\nThis episode was that for me. It was the consequence of decisions made prior. Which is why I'm actually extra happy that they turned the episode into such a visual spectacle, with great cinematography and action choreography. And even better, it's the episode before the season finale. We got the predictable stuff out of the way. Now we're headed for the really crazy shit that's going to cap it all off for us until next April.
Exactly. Definitely my favorite episode of the series, as someone who's favorite character was Robb, but I don't think it was the best all-around.
>  predictable in everything that happened.\n\nWhen unpredictable is the rule, the predictable is unpredictable too.
Maybe it's because I'm still emotional from having watched the episode 15 minutes ago, but I immediately hate this guy.
He's actually a pretty solid reviewer.  I always see his reviews linked for shows that I watch and generally agree.  It was strange seeing his review as the only \"rotten\" one on Rotten Tomatoes when I checked last night.
no, it's because you are incapable of critical thinking, and whenever someone dislikes what you like, you hate him.
Youre a fucking moron and your tastes are shit.
I'm not in the \"didn't care for the episode\" camp but I didn't think it was amazing or anything.  I'd say it was a good not great episode.  It isn't Hardhome, Watchers on the Wall, Red Wedding, and Blackwater for me are the gold standard of the series.  I just think that the episode didn't live up to the MASSIVE hype.  From a cinematography standpoint I don't know if there was a more beautifully shot episode.  The Davos scene reminded me of Luke on Tatooine.  A+ for directing and filming, B for the actual content of the episode.  Maybe it's because Ramsay was one of my favorite characters, if not my absolute favorite character but I just felt like it didn't quite meet my expectations.
Well said. I have the same thought but considering how everyone's been praising the episode, I didn't say it out loud. \n\nBut yeah. For me, I felt the battle was lacking, kind of. I can't point my finger where, but I thought it didn't live up to the hype somewhere. 
What the fuck does emotional meat mean ?
Dramatic scenes that a viewer can cherish. Its a manner of speech
that review has plenty of bullshit quips in it. either he's just a sad cynical man, or doing it for clicks. very poor and excessively meta interpretation of the episode.
I agree with all of his points. Some of the battle scenes were pretty good, I don't watch GoT for battle scenes though. Season 1 is still the best season by far and it skipped over all the battle scenes.
[deleted]
i dissagree so hard
After watching a second time, I'm so glad I don't see this show through other people's eyes like Alan's. It was so amazing. 
I was very underwhelmed by this episode. The writing was pretty bad, which is the first time I encounter that with this show. A lot of the dialogue was way too simplistic. \"Don't do what he wants you to do.\" Really? (That whole conversation was gringy) And it just had a lot of nonsensical decisions from characters for the sake of getting to specific plot points. (Rickon running in a straight line...Jon easily falling into that trap... Jon's army easily being surrounded by slow-moving troops with heavy shields...Ramsay shooting Wun Wun in the eye instead of Jon...etc.) :/
[deleted]
Doesn't Rickon's corpse count as emotional meat ?
Because we had like 4 episodes building the emotional meat of the Battle this series anyway. The Battle was just the pay off
I think the episode managed to shine and to be honest didn't think his emotional response was out of character, but you're not alone in feeling that the show is a little wobbly without the ability to \"ctrl+c,ctrl+v\" the books.
I actually really enjoyed the episode as a whole, Mereen was awesome and the final scene between Sansa and Ramsay was dope.  GOT has just placed itself into a league of it's own over the years and I get frustrated when it doesn't quite reach what it could be.\n\nI'll still be glued to this subreddit all week and will certainly be tuned in next week, onward. 
[Well](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/RG0BS1U)
I'm not trying to be cynical just to be cynical, I still thought the episode was very solid and would probably rate it 8-8.5.  The cinematography was gorgeous and the acting was superb throughout.  I just feel like the actual plot for the battle could have been so much better and am saddened by the fact that it couldn't live up to some of the other major conflict episodes of the past like Blackwater, Hardhome, and the battle at the wall.  
Genius but immoral tactic
Not genius. 
If Ramsey had won, his victory would have been considered [pyrrhic.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrrhic_victory) 
Also a tactic I use heavily in Total War. I'm surprised the pikemen kept their cool when Wun Wun was picking them up one by one and tearing them in half.
The men are wavering!
I don't know why Wun Wun didn't break a hole in one side, and have the men pour through the pocket--they'd fall like dominos.
No one even aknowledged Wun Wun.\n\nOh yeah they have a giant. Weve seen plenty of those down the wall in the last thousand years. 
If Wun Wun had fought at that point like a giant and not a scared woman trying to swat flies he would have wrecked house. Like, at no point did ANYBODY among the wildings go \"Hey Wun Wun.. you know what you need? A fucking tree trunk to use a club. You know, so you can kill anything.\"\n\n
Total War allows that kind of micromanagement? I feel like the formation would randomly break and soon it would be a 1 soldier v 1 soldier if possible.
Inspired by the Battle of Cannae, as [noted here](https://redd.it/4owt7p).
The youtube link inside that link gave me such a strategy boner, holy shit.
Yep, it was used by Hannibal to defeat the much larger roman armies 
Battle of Cannae?
I knew Ricken was doomed because of it. 
A... Great Northern Conspiracy, perhaps?
[deleted]
Haha woah. I've always used this username- I watched a scooby doo episode with the \"wikitikis\" before I made my yahoo messenger in 6th grade 
I just remember seeing the 4 horsemen on the ridge with that creepy music playing, and then the avalanche of wights, and getting a legit pit in my stomach. I think Hardhome will always be my favorite.
For me it goes:\n\n1. Hardhome\n\n2. Battle of the Bastards\n\n3. The Watchers on the Wall
same. there was raw terror that i've never felt in a battle scene
And that music too. \n\n*tik-tik-tik-tik-tik*
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because your spoiler tag has the label description [warning label](.  Example text like \"warning label,\" \"warning scope,\" etc. must be replaced with an informative label when you use it in your comment.  Simply labeling it \"spoiler\" is not adding description; all spoiler tags are spoilers. Please read the [Spoiler Guide](/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide) for additional spoiler tag label examples, edit your comment to have a good label for your spoiler tag, and then [contact the moderators](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fgameofthrones) to have it re-approved.  \n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gameofthrones) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Still my favorite episode. When Jon is fighting the horseman and blocks his sword.. That long, drawn out clang of metal as they both realize what happened. I get hype every time I think about that scene.
I've said it like this, BotB was a better battle, Hardhome was a better episode.  And the directors say that's kinda intended, Hardhome was a massacre, not a battle.  The real downside to BotB was just the predictable nature of the Vale ride in.  They kinda shot themselves in the foot with Littlefinger talking to Sansa in Mole's town.  If you edit that scene out, show the knights going to Winterfell when you have the scene with Petyr and Robyn earlier on, show Sansa writing a letter that isn't obvious to who, and you would have had enough tension where the ride in would have been maybe not less predictable, but more dramatic.
I feel like rains of castamere was better written but BotB was just shot so well.   
I agree, the cinematography in this episode was amazing.
This.\n1. Rains of Castamere\n2. Hardhome\n3. Battle of the Bastards
3 Battle of the Wall  4. Battle of Kings Landing 5. Battle of the B's.\n\n
Your house is dead, Bolton
Part of why I enjoyed Rains of Castamere more. Everytime a Bolton was on screen, I can't look away. RIP Roose & Ramsey - Atleast we have the hounds left. Technically they have Bolton blood in them.
Classic Bolton.\n
That was more of a massacre really
[deleted]
exactly it wasn't much of a battle, which is why I liked BoB better
It was not a battle..it was a massacre
Same could be same about last night.  I don't know that there are enough men left in Westeros to fight the Night King at this point.
I may get downvoted for this, but I actually liked BotB way more than Hardhome. \n\nThe shots, the directing, the despair. The looks on their faces. Hardhome was great don't get me wrong, but it wasn't as epic in terms of a battle. There were some great scenes and it was a great moment, but BotB was a fucking BATTLE. You could really feel yourself in the moment. \n\nWith Hardhome, I was watching an amazing battle on my tv. With BotB I was living an amazing battle on my tv.
Yep, what made BotB that great was the directing, but there were also lots of astounding shots. And well, I don't consider BotB an epic battle. The scene where Jon Snow got engulfed by both armies is precisely the way of telling that this episode was everything but epic.\n\nIf there's a word that describes this battle, I'd say visceral and yes, I love visceral scenes. 
I'm going to throw a vote in for The Watchers on the Wall. Hardhome was visually spectacular and does a fantastic job of showing how fucked everyone is, but The Watchers on the Wall was unrelenting and exciting from start to finish. Both were noticably better than this episode.
To me Hardhome felt more like a zombie attack scene than a battle. It was like a scene from a horror movie with a few fights mixed in.
Hardhome was a good episode, but the battle was just *another fucking zombie chase scene.*\n\nZombies aren't only overused as hell, they are fucking boring. They create a completely undynamic type of battle where one side is just a bunch of meat robots, reducing the battle to a pointless meatgrinder. Compare it to BoB's formations, psychological play, heroism and realistic combat, and it's not even a competition.
Yep, I could be partly agree with you, but BotB had some flaws in its narrative. I don't know if 6x10 would solve those (most of them are about Sansa and her role with the Knights of the Vale), but I felt that the battle could've been far greater than what we saw on Monday.
Yeah I remember thinking \"oh shit it's happening, they're doing it, winter is here!\"
> \"exactly like everyone expected\"\n\nEveryone who spends time on internet forums dedicated to picking apart and analyzing every detail of every episode, yes.
Additionally, surprises shouldn't be the measure of quality. This was an incredibly well written and mesmerizing episode.  One of the best battles ever filmed. \n\nPlus, we actually had good progress in the Mereen story. 
The opposite actually. All the obvious things that required no picking apart or analysing happened. All the picking apart and analysing led to speculation of Umbers being secretly Stark loyalists and Shaggydog still being alive. But everything pretty much played out exactly how it looked like it was going to play out.
AKA the logical development of the story.
bullshit.\n\nyou don't have to read the sub to know the cliches they've used, you just have to know enough of these kinds of stories.
it was obvious that the Vale was going to show up at the last minute, there didn't need to be a discussion for that
Never thought I'd say this but... the fella that calls himself BeardMilk is right!
This. I suspected alot of what happened in this episode (not everything though), but my SO who has never read any predictions or theories had no clue what would happen, except for little finger saving the day.
Nah, the outcome was pretty obvious even if you don't follow it online.\n\nThink about it. Jon Snow isn't going to die again anytime soon. Ramsay would never hand over a hostage without doing something to them. The show has been hinting at Little Finger and the Vale's army all season. Ramsay would never let them retreat so that means Jon is going to win. The line about his dogs being hungry, but never showing the dogs is totally a [Checkhov's gun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun) situation. You knew the dogs would eat at some point in the episode.
No, it was fairly predictable for anyone willing to think even a little about the next episode. Dany comes back with her dragon right as Mereen is hopelessly under siege after all attempts at peace have been made, so obviously she's going to lay waste to their army with her dragons. The title of the episode makes it clear that Jon and Ramsey's armies are going to fight, and of course Ramsey was going to die in this episode. Jon wasn't ever at risk because you can't revive a character just to immediately kill them off again. We knew Littlefinger would be coming because the show already told us he was mobilizing the Aerie's troops toward Winterfell. Rickon has never been important to the story, so of course he was going to die. Since they were at the same campsite Stannis used, it was a given Davos would stumble across some evidence of what happened to Shireen.\n\nThe show put everything perfectly into place before setting off the dominoes, so it was very easy to see how things were going to unfold.
